[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello,

[Sales Agent 00:06]
good afternoon. I hope I am speaking to Mr Anmol Singh.

[Sales Agent 00:12]
Hi Anmol, my name is Carol. I am calling up from the admission team of
my car here. I could see that you have made an enquiry and filled up
an application form for Advance Certificate Digital Marketing and
Communication program.

[Customer 00:26]
You are you calling from which?

[Sales Agent 00:30]
Sorry.

[Customer 00:32]
You are calling from which institute?

[Sales Agent 00:34]
This is Micah Mudra Institute of Communities in Hyderabad through
Apradh. You have received this enquiry and filled with the application
form.

[Customer 00:42]
Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:43]
Right,

[Sales Agent 00:44]
so I am actually here programs counselor where I will be able to help
you with more. I am just saying that the code and that anything would
be understanding about your profile that how this program would be
actually of any help to you, how it guides you towards the career
growth, what all career opportunities it could offer you. Will it be a
right time if you can connect for further 5 minutes?

[Customer 01:07]
Yeah, sure. Go ahead.

[Sales Agent 01:09]
Okay, okay, So I would love to know that if you are working
professional right now or a student currently.

[Customer 01:17]
I am basically a working professional as of now.

[Sales Agent 01:21]
Okay, with how many years of experience?

[Customer 01:25]
Almost 2 years.

[Sales Agent 01:26]
Almost 2 years. Okay, so this particular program I will just give you
a quick crux and then we will dive into your current profile, what
your KR is and then we will map it to how this program could be of
providing you kind of a solution to what your what the problem you are
facing at this point. So if you are having almost 2 years experience,
this is an advanced level certificate that is input digital marketing
and communication both which is offered directly by MICA. So there is
no 3rd party intervention in your education where we have all the
classes happening in a online mode.

[Sales Agent 01:58]
Here the batch commences from 29th February for which we are speaking
about Mondays to Saturday when its a working day for you. We will
offer you the recorded video classes for half an hour to 45 minutes of
time that will get uploaded on your PRM. That is the LMS Learning
Management system. Thats the student portal for which you will get the
credential. You can login to this anytime and attend these sessions at
any given point when it is convenient for you. You could be attending
these lectures on a daily basis or on alternative basis or whenever
you feel is feel the time is right and you have much time to
understand and graph for the concept

[Sales Agent 02:34]
at the time. You can attend then on a daily basis from 7:00 PM to 9:00
PM in the evening. We have the daily doubt resolution sessions that
are offered through our industry mentors. So we have these mentors
specially educated for this current curriculum wherein you can join in
that session at any time when you have came across some questions and
doubts. Your daily attendance is not mandatory in these sessions.
Whenever you have something to ask, you can join in and clarify. So
this was up till Mondays to Saturdays. Now every Sunday we have

[Sales Agent 03:06]
live and interactive virtual classes that are set for 2 hours that
work for directly by the regular facility of Micah.

[Sales Agent 03:12]
This is the same faculty who teach on campus, Doctor Falguni Vasavara
ATI Loha. She is herself as the Queen of marketing, known to be the
Queen of marketing, holds more than 20 years of association with MICA
itself and she would be taking up the session. She is the head of
department there on campus followed by 3 more advent faculty. We would
be taking up the session. So this is how the program class delivery
pattern is designed which will be there throughout the program
duration.

[Sales Agent 03:40]
Now as the course is advanced certificate so it offers you a
specialization also where we have 5 specializations to be chosen from
and here you are eligible to take multiple specialization according to
your need and requirement. So we have generative A I as one branding
and communication, marketing analytics, social media and content
marketing and marketing, communications and public relations. You
could be taking multiple of them, you could be taking 123 or all 5.
Thats completely up to you.

[Sales Agent 04:12]
Okay. Accordingly, the duration of the program and the course cost
will vary as per how many specialization you would be taking up. So we
have a bifurcation here that for 6 months we will teach you all the
core aspects of digital marketing. That is the generic curriculum we
have where we are covering all the basics will be advanced level
aspects starting from the fundamentals of marketing, customer
centricity, matrix and channels, SEOSEM, Facebook ads, Google Ads,
integrated strategy

[Sales Agent 04:39]
use in ordering for this traditional marketing to digital marketing
understanding. Then we have branding, advertising, social media
marketing, a lot of things are there. Once you are done with that 6
months, then you drop to the specialization credit specialization
would hold for 5 weeks duration. So here according to the duration it
will be calculated by 6 months plus 5 weeks plus 5 weeks plus 5 weeks.
Depends on the specialization you choose

[Sales Agent 05:07]
thik hai.

[Sales Agent 05:09]
Once you are done with this then another 6 months are dedicated for
your career assistance part that is offered to you by a temporary
class upgrad Recruit India. This is our segment only which comes into
play once you are almost done with the program where you have high
performance certified career coaches who would fetch some students. So
each career coaches assigned 5 students. They would be mentoring you
and counselling you to understand about your personality, interest,
aspirations and what specialisations you exactly took.

[Sales Agent 05:38]
Now accordingly, they will help you to map out that what could be the
career out from coming out of those specialised reasons. What are the
organizations open for it and they will be guiding you how to prepare
for the interviews. Also for your SO we have 350 plus hiring partners
for that matter where I will be able to provide you the list of the
hiring partners also.

[Sales Agent 05:56]
I hope it helps, just for this information must have given you a fair
idea what the program is all about.

[Customer 06:03]
Okay so its the like after the course, after the everything is done.
So I will be joining so I will be getting the placement.

[Sales Agent 06:14]
From your website, right? That is the career assistance which is 360
degrees from our side.

[Customer 06:20]
Okay, so it will give 100% placement is guaranteed by you.

[Sales Agent 06:25]
It is known as 100% career assistant that is there for all the
candidates. We would be assisting you for the mock interviews, mock
hiring test interviews and your resume building your fortnightly
career coaching sessions. Everything will be done at last. Obviously,
you have to be appearing for that interview, right? So 6 month of time
is actually a huge time to find a desirable job where there is no
limit to applying to the interview. You can apply for multiple
interviews altogether

[Sales Agent 06:55]
and 300 plus hiring partners are actually too much where we are tied
up with all the top tier organizations. Many of them are from Fortune
500 companies and all all bigfores are also there apart of it. So
maybe you will have a fair understanding when I share it with you, you
will read it out and maybe you will get a fair idea. So every 5 out of
6 learners out of this batch get the positive career growth. That is
the ratio.

[Sales Agent 07:20]
Okay. I would love to know what you do currently just to map out that
how this program would be of any relevance to your career growth,
right? I will be able to provide you what kind of career outcomes can
come across what you know the fee or you can say the fee packages you
can expect, what kind of company you can expect, Sir, what do you do?
Tell me about your career journey. Walk me through the profile
starting from your graduation. How you started exactly?

[Customer 07:46]
Okay, I have completed the masters, I have completed the MBA in the
marketing segment and after that I have been business development
executive only in Mumbai and after that I would like that job
particular job and which my career into digital marketing and of the
advanced certification in the digital marketing.

[Sales Agent 08:11]
Company, you got a certification already?

[Customer 08:14]
Yeah. But right now I am wanting to upskill myself and right now I am
currently working in an organization which is related to stock market
as YP firm and I am working here as a digital marketing appropriate
right now. Thats my position

[Customer 08:35]
basically looking into sales performance marketing.

[Sales Agent 08:40]
Okay, performance marketing, understood, Sir, that involves under the
marketing analytics part. So maybe that specialization would be able
to help you a lot because there you understand how to process the data
completely and make important decisions. So to upscale yourself and
also to find some growth internally in the existing organization or
else if you look for a career or sorry a job change, a brand change,
obviously you can look for a better opportunity plus a better package

[Sales Agent 09:07]
because being into Mumbai it enables you and you give you have got
that advantage that you would be provided with the best packages.
Because according to the cities because we are offering the program
PAN India and career assistance also PAN India where after 6 months.
So it is completely up to you because housewife is also enrolled
sometimes if they are really keen on learning and very passionate
about it. So we offer them the internships, freelancing or you say
some hybrid or remote models then we have offline on site job
opportunities also.

[Sales Agent 09:38]
So there are the segments and the branches lined up on that platform
which you can opt for. So Mumbai being the most operated city with
Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi NCR. So these are few cities where we have
the highest packages offered to the learners. So thats one advantage
you have got.

[Customer 09:55]
Now I am looking for the job in Pune currently.

[Sales Agent 09:58]
Pune, Okay, okay,

[Sales Agent 10:03]
understood. Okay, so when are you planning to join anyway? Like is it
just a general enquiry you are making or you are really keen to take
up any program at this point?

[Sales Agent 10:11]
Because accordingly I will share the data with you. If you are ready
to make a decision, maybe I can help you. Because we are open with the
admission starting from 29th of February. We have a battery on that
day, we have the orientation and from the following Sunday we will
have the regular classes started. Okay, so this is an advanced type of
certificate where multiple certifications are also added. Tell me.

[Customer 10:33]
Okay, so like if I want I just help you there that if the regular
classes sort of thing, right?

[Sales Agent 10:41]
I could not understand your question. Could you repeat that?

[Customer 10:44]
Yeah, As you mentioned that the batch is starting from 29th, correct
and the timing would be from morning, right?

[Sales Agent 10:55]
No, no, no, I told you that Mondays to Friday, Mondays to Saturdays we
have recorded video classes for half an hour to 40 minutes. These are
the pre recorded vectors. So it's up to you. Whenever you are free,
you can login with our student portal and attend.

[Customer 11:10]
Okay and if I wanted to attend then as a life 20 days. So whats the
process?

[Sales Agent 11:17]
I am sorry if you wanted to attend it.

[Customer 11:21]
If I wanted to attend the live classes, So what? How that can be
happen?

[Sales Agent 11:26]
So the nice classes would be held on Sundays? No, every Sunday we have
live and interactive virtual class and for the weekdays we have
recorded material. That is why it is a blended learning format we
have. So every evaluation that we provide under the program is going
to be on a practical approach where there is no traditional way of
examination. That is why you are getting skills as being a working
professional. Nobody would ask you to sit down and write the papers
like students here.

[Sales Agent 11:50]
Everything that you do is on a practical approach where we have case
studies aligned with different domains also to increase the horizon of
your opportunities also. So the case studies we have includes the food
and beverage industry, food delivery, e commerce, transportation,
health

[Sales Agent 12:08]
industry, clothing, travel, then automobile, manufacturing, banking,
finance. So many domains would be included in there. As I told you
that first 6 monthly focus on understanding the core aspect of digital
marketing

[Sales Agent 12:22]
where we renew and Polish your skills for all the domains,
particularly including social media marketing, email marketing, web
analytics, Facebook Ads Manager, Google Ads Manager, SEOSEM block
creation, advertising, branding. All of these things will be included
now over and above the regular evaluations we offer. We have 5 light
projects also that you do by your own. These are the paid projects,
right? You will learn how to run the campaign for 5 days.

[Sales Agent 12:53]
So specifically for Facebook Ads and Google Ads Manager, you will run
55 days of campaign each. For block creation, we have a brand
WordPress, for which you will be writing blogs. For SEM we have for
SEM we have Facebook Ad Manager and for SEO we have Ubersugest. Just
like that for email marketing, we have Get Response. So we are aligned
with the real organizations who provide their cases to us. Where you
will be running the campaigns and doing the things on a practical
approach.

[Sales Agent 13:25]
This is what you do in the first 6 months when you are very handy with
all these things. When you jump to the specialization part where each
specialization will be brought to you from the scratch with the help
of tools and platforms. So as in the tech era where we are living.

[Customer 13:41]
Okay, So what are the specialization as you found right now you are
offering currently?

[Sales Agent 13:46]
First one is generative a I Thats artificial intelligence which is
taught for you from the scratch. Introduction of a I Fundamentals of a
I. What is the role of a I in content creation and curation? Then what
are the challenges of a R? Then you learn how to create content
through a I and curate it. Now the content that we consume all day
when we scroll Instagram says book and many other platforms.

[Sales Agent 14:09]
It could be text based, image based, audio based, video based. So how
to create that content professionally to better out for better
outcome? How to curate it that you learn. So you must have by now
worked on ChatGPT mid journey. These are all the area related things,
right? So under the open a I tools, we have many, many tools in the
list which you will be taught. Cynthesia DID copy dot a I baad ChatGPT
Dall e mid journey.

[Sales Agent 14:40]
A lot of other tools are the voice mode Adobe Firefly. These are few
tools that will you know, make you learn how to have the data analysis
data visualization through a I creating charge bot and slack bot using
a I automation that all will be taught under the specialization of
generated a I that's the first specialization. Each specialization
holds a 5G duration. Okay, now if you click in one and you would like
to go

[Sales Agent 15:07]
branding and communication,

[Sales Agent 15:10]
yeah, there you learn how to communicate your brand digitally, how to
have brand engagement strategies, increase the outreach and all of
that content creating, branding and communication. So it is marketing
analytics where you learn how all the performance marketing works out.
So here you learn how to make important decisions basically based on
the data provided to you. Now, how to process the data, how to connect
the data, data integration, processing, collection, data
identification,

[Sales Agent 15:40]
data visualization, all of that will be covered under the data
analysis, data analytics, sorry, marketing analytics part where you
know how to process the data and make important decisions over that.

[Customer 15:52]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 15:53]
Yeah, 4th is social media and content creation. I think,

[Sales Agent 15:58]
I dont think that there is a very strong need to explain you this in
more in detail. Social media marketing is very, very common. Their
paid advertisings, influencer marketing would take place with
different platforms under social media. It includes LinkedIn,
Instagram, Facebook or who suit mentioned like that. And the last one
is public relation.

[Sales Agent 16:20]
So this is marketing communications, public relations, yes, here you
understand about how to communicate well formally, public relations,
engagement strategies, all of that its very related to the second
specialization that is branding. So all, all 5 of them are
interrelated. If you are looking at a longer term picture to the
pursuing a career into marketing domain itself, then all 5 would be
the best specialization that you can be taking up.

[Customer 16:45]
4th one which is mentioned that social media and content marketing is
basically related to the performance marketing like Facebook ads,
Google Apps and all right, no.

[Sales Agent 16:56]
Marketing analytics is very similar to right marketing analytics holds
the part of performance marketing. This is what I was saying.

[Customer 17:06]
Fine, Sir.

[Sales Agent 17:07]
Yeah.

[Customer 17:09]
Okay,

[Customer 17:11]
okay, fine, I got it.

[Sales Agent 17:15]
So these are few things that you will learn. Apart from that there are
90 plus tours and platforms that we have under the program. 90 plus
chosen platforms have some generic courses, generic tools and
platforms that covers in the first 6 months. And then there are
specialised tools that will be there under the specialization part.
Lets say the AI tools would come under the A I social

[Sales Agent 17:40]
media tools would come under the social media and content marketing
like that

[Sales Agent 17:44]
to do generic tools hai woh seo hai SEM hai kafi saari chijen hai Jo
90 plus tourist list. I have in my hand specialised in analytics, web
designing, SMS,

[Sales Agent 17:56]
EOSEMA. Lot of those are there. So I just share the list of the tools,
the list of the recruiting partners, what specialization we have here,
the core content,

[Sales Agent 18:07]
the cloud design, the faculty information, what certifications you
get. So this is very important. I will just quickly iterate this to
you. Once you are completed with the program, you will have a
completion certification of digital marketing and communication with
the name mentioned of the specialization you have taken. This is the
first certificate you get with alumni status from Micah.

[Sales Agent 18:33]
Okay. Second certificate is a capstone project certificate. So as I
told you that we have all the evaluations here set once you are
completing the first 6 months. On the end of that 3 weeks of
evaluation, is there Jisme Capstone project HOTA that is known to be
the crux of the whole curriculum you have been taught in the first 6
months and a set of case studies where you have to choose a topic or a
domain to be working on. Lets say whichever domain you know

[Sales Agent 19:00]
you like more or you think that is a good fit as your personality, you
can choose that domain and let your let your faculty know. So copingly
and subjectively they would provide you a set of case studies which
you work on and submit this capsule project to us online that your
loan carries a weightage of 30% and 3 weeks of time would be given to
you to complete that and submit and then only you draft to the
specialization part. So for certificate is the certificate of
completion from microwave alumni status.

[Sales Agent 19:27]
Second is a capsule project completion certificate just to recognise
your handburn expertise in that area so you can showcase your
expertise and hands on exposure. 3rd is NSG.

[Customer 19:40]
Exam exams which will be taken from institute.

[Sales Agent 19:44]
Yeah.

[Customer 19:46]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:47]
Okay, 3rd is NSDC, that is National Skill Development Corporation of
India. This is a government body which is a yojana run by PM Modi. You
must have heard of Skill India.

[Sales Agent 20:00]
Right, that has overtaken this particular program after reviewing the
resulted suffering to the learners since last 2 years. So now due to
which the GST on this cost which was earlier earlier charge that was
18% on the total cost is based off and you additionally get a
certificate from NSDC with the reference number.

[Sales Agent 20:21]
So you will be NSDC certified also that gives you an advantage to look
for some freelancing projects under marketing falling under the Rozgar
India segment.

[Customer 20:32]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 20:33]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 20:35]
4th certificate is a meta certification.

[Sales Agent 20:38]
You are I hope you are aware of meta meta ke andar bahut maze courses
aate hai that actually, if you have that metal certification, that
opens a lot of doors for you. You can work in Facebook, you can work
in Google. So meta AAP to her cheese chalata hai, WhatsApp, Facebook,
Instagram, everything. So you should be knowing Ki isne kya kya hota
hai usaki information Mein aapko de deti Hoon taki. You are aware

[Sales Agent 21:01]
so there is an examination that you have to appear for to get to be
Meta certified. So that is a costly examination. So now that Meta
certification has tied up with MICA for this. So I am successful
completion of MICA program. The digital marketing course you will get
a coupon code worth $50. That coupon code needs to be applied in the
application form to apply for that examination. So while appearing for
it, if you are doing really well in that thing, so for free of cost,

[Sales Agent 21:31]
you will be metal certified also. So these are the 4 certificates you
get along with this program, complete hands on exposure, direct
education from the regular faculty from Myka

[Sales Agent 21:45]
and you get the alumnus status also. So you become a part of the MYCAS
community for a lifetime. Where any events, functions, alumni is
happening on campus, you will be sent them by. You can visit the
campus in Ahmedabad any time and meet the faculty or need the
likeminded people. So these events actually give you a benefit of
making more networks that makes you come across more opportunities
into marketing areas.

[Sales Agent 22:10]
Okay, so these are few things. Now one last thing which is less than
the quotes in this call is the course cost. So I will just tell you
quickly how the quote cost varies as per the specialization. So pahle
chhah mahine ke baad Ek specialization Agar AAP lete ho. But duration
is counted as 6 months plus 5 weeks. Heart specialization ka cost or
duration same hai

[Sales Agent 22:37]
okay.

[Customer 22:38]
Can you please the start one second?

[Sales Agent 22:40]
I am telling you that the course duration is calculated in this
manner. Every specialization we have here specializations are for 5
weeks each. Each specialization is for a same duration and a same
cost. So how does that go for 6 months plus 5 weeks will be 7 months
and one week duration as total. So here you are taking one
specialization only because you are having the leverage to choose
multiple specialization, right? You could be taking 123 or all 5 that
is up to you. So with one it is almost 7 months during that cost you
1,00,000

[Sales Agent 23:14]
₹13,000, 8,00,000 Terah Hazaar Rupay. There is no GST on it which is
waived off now. So, this amount of 1,13,000 can be easily paid in
installance where to register yourself and to block a seat, you will
be required to pay ₹15,000 and the remaining of 98,000. Now out of
1,13,000 ₹15 at 1:00 and the remaining of ninetyeight 1000 can either
be paid in one shot

[Sales Agent 23:41]
or you can have the Emis processed out of it. So for that you have our
NDSC partners side up with us who provide you this assistance. So,
either you take 36 or 9 months up till 9 months duration, there is
going to be a no rate of interest EMI. That is a no cost EMI

[Sales Agent 24:00]
98,000 would easily be distributed in 9 months of installment.

[Sales Agent 24:05]
Okay. Beyond that if you go 12 months, 182436 months then its going to
be a standard rate of interest that is 10% on the yearly basis. That
is a flat percentage.

[Sales Agent 24:20]
Okay now lets suppose if you take food specialisations in the program,
the duration would be 6 months plus 5G + 5 weeks. That is 8 months and
5 duration in total

[Sales Agent 24:34]
7 months one week duration size specialization ke saath. So you add 5
weeks more to it which makes it to jump at 8:00. 0.5 months duration
that is totally costing you 1,30,000, 8,00,000 Tees. Hazar Rupee
Special

[Sales Agent 24:50]
had an additional cost of 17, 1005 weeks duration.

[Customer 24:56]
Okay. And if I take a seat specialization taking cost me around.

[Sales Agent 25:00]
145.

[Customer 25:04]
145, I guess no.

[Sales Agent 25:06]
No No 147

[Sales Agent 25:09]
17,000 hai na 1,30,000 hai toh 17,000 would be 1,00,000 Fortyseven
1000 for 3 specialization that will be for 9 months and 3 weeks for
post specialization.

[Customer 25:22]
In checking over the website

[Customer 25:23]
is 14146

[Customer 25:28]
145. Sorry.

[Sales Agent 25:30]
You are not on the website, you are in the brochure. Maybe.

[Customer 25:35]
I am on the website of Agra.

[Sales Agent 25:40]
It cannot be one fortyfive let me check then be on the line. If you
are telling me so there is some issue because maybe you have an
outdated brochure that is why it is showing you 1,00,047 fortyfive
1000 plus taxes. Otherwise it is 1,00,000 fortyseven only let me just
checkout.

[Sales Agent 26:20]
So you have opened the same program, right? Advanced level advanced
certificate in Digital Marketing and communication.

[Customer 26:26]
Yeah, thats right and.

[Sales Agent 26:28]
I am below at the C section.

[Sales Agent 26:33]
Okay so I can see here it's 1,00,047 only.

[Customer 26:39]
Okay I dont know what is the new 135.

[Sales Agent 26:43]
Can you please,

[Sales Agent 26:44]
can you please say it again that you are on the brochure or the
website?

[Sales Agent 26:51]
Can you have a screenshot of that if that is on your mobile?

[Customer 26:55]
Yeah, sure. I will take it. Just give me sure.

[Sales Agent 26:59]
Okay

[Sales Agent 26:59]
I am just texting you on WhatsApp. Share it with me if that showing
like that because I should be clear on the fee structure.

[Customer 27:09]
And how can I choose a specialization? Like if I choose a
specialization for 3 so after the payment I will be I will be able to
choose that specialization.

[Sales Agent 27:22]
No Sir

[Sales Agent 27:23]
its not that. So why you filling up the application? It would ask you
that how many specializations you would take. Its not asking you the
names of them because it sometimes it happens that while ongoing with
the program you develop your address in some other specialization then
you would like to change it later.

[Sales Agent 27:38]
So we would only be asking for the numbers of specialization you are
interested in. Just to define the program fee basically in total so it
has got 3 then it will be showing you and reflecting you 1,00,000
fortyseven 1000 the registration amount of 15,000 pays the same.

[Customer 27:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:01]
Can you

[Sales Agent 28:01]
can you share me the screenshot?

[Sales Agent 28:03]
I will send you a high on WhatsApp.

[Customer 28:06]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 29:17]
Hello.

[Customer 29:18]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 29:20]
Anmol may be it is showing you this because you filled up the
application sometime back.

[Sales Agent 29:27]
Did you fill the application a month or 2 ago?

[Sales Agent 29:31]
Right because that time we had this amount of 1,47,045 1000 plus taxes

[Sales Agent 29:38]
which is now waived off and the programs total fee is 1,47,000 only.
So ye update ho jayega jab AAP apne application Mein dubara se yah
karne jaaoge na to payment Ki billing details ke baad jab AAP payment
karoge toh vahan pay respect hoga

[Sales Agent 29:57]
yeah so I do not want to commit you something wrong. See once you make
the payment na last Mein jab AAP payment gateway pay aaoge it will
reflect you the 1,00,000 fortyseven 1000 only.

[Customer 30:08]
OK.

[Customer 30:12]
And the specialization Jo apane bataye ho wo manually like after 6
months rahega like right choose karne ke.

[Sales Agent 30:17]
Liye 6 months yes aapko woh jab faculty ko inform karna rahega once
you are about to complete the first 6 months with the specialization
would go one by one.

[Customer 30:30]
Okay, fine.

[Sales Agent 30:34]
If you are on the website only.

[Customer 30:37]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 30:38]
Bataiye, bataiye.

[Customer 30:42]
I am bit concerned about the placement only so

[Customer 30:47]
yeah so thats the only part I am concerned about right now because I
am in the placement after the completion of the course correct?

[Sales Agent 30:57]
So that is the program, you know the 2 ends are to educate people and
to get them a job. So marketing is one of the most booming sectors at
this point. As you are already into digital marketing, you must be
knowing that since A I has captured the industry,

[Sales Agent 31:12]
things are very changed and organizations look for people who are AI
smart. You should be knowing how to operate the AI related tools and a
I makes things very easier for your organization. Why? Because with
Leap resources you can produce more.

[Customer 31:30]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 31:31]
Theek hai Sir to ye SAB ties is program Mein is tarah se use hoti hai.
Now when you are already connected to me on WhatsApp, I am sharing you
a list of the recruiting partners. Let me share that I have a career
outcome handbook also. Lets just walk through it together so you can
ask me questions in real time. I am available only.

[Customer 31:56]
What's your like working hours? Let me please tell me.

[Sales Agent 32:01]
So what?

[Customer 32:02]
Is the EMI mode.

[Sales Agent 32:04]
Yes sure. So I will be available till 8O clock and also later also you
can just text me on WhatsApp even in the night you are checking the
details and you find some questions. I will be there to help. So its
my official WhatsApp number. It will be changed after.

[Customer 32:18]
You are totally fine and only message you during the working hour.

[Sales Agent 32:23]
I have sent you some PDF. Can you just go through the list of
recruiting partners? Thats all.

[Customer 32:29]
Okay, fine. What's your name by the way? My.

[Sales Agent 32:33]
Name is Carol.

[Customer 32:35]
Yeah, okay.

[Sales Agent 32:36]
I.

[Customer 32:37]
Will go through with it so I will check it out okay.

[Sales Agent 32:42]
No problem, I am able to see that you have filled up the application
already. I would just like to know that have you been referred here by
somebody?

[Customer 32:51]
No no no, I have just checked it out by myself only.

[Sales Agent 32:54]
By yourself,

[Sales Agent 32:57]
OK, because we have the referral, referral policies here where you get
a chance to earn money through upgraded. So lets suppose if somebody
had referred you, you would have got a referral code that once you
apply it, you get a 5000 of fee waiver, okay. Based on that. And if
lets say you are enrolling here with this particular program, as you
have not been referred by anybody else, but you refer any of your
friend, any of your family or somebody from your colleagues,

[Sales Agent 33:23]
you get as you are a paid learner, you get a ₹7500 of cash bonus

[Sales Agent 33:30]
once that person endures. This is on a per referral basis. So you can
recover your registration fee also by referring to people which is
15,000. So that is a referral amount for running for macro.

[Customer 33:42]
How can I change that amount if I refer and I that amount, so how can
I take that amount?

[Sales Agent 33:52]
You are asking me of.

[Customer 33:54]
See if I refer someone and that person is like he is able to take that
course particular course, any course and I will get the required
amount. So how can I change that particular amount? Thats what.

[Sales Agent 34:08]
Amount you have to share your referral code through me to your friend
and that referral code needs to be put in the application form of that
particular person.

[Sales Agent 34:17]
Now when the person enrolls, within the first 30 days of that persons
enrollment you would be getting a cash bonus in your bank account.
Thats pure cash only, not a voucher or a coupon like that. We will be
asking for your bank account details and there it will be transferred.

[Customer 34:34]
OK, OK, fine.

[Sales Agent 34:36]
Yeah, okay. That is only up till this Raj particularly. So if you
would have anybody in mind, you can share the name and number and
email ID with us. We will be doing the counseling and everything
because this amount which I am telling you of is particularly for this
course only. If you refer somebody for other courses that upgrade
offers some tech courses, management courses, doctorate courses, then
the amount increases with the fees after also. So there are some
percentages that we have designed,

[Sales Agent 35:04]
okay for high costing courses, it will be a higher rational amount
that you can get.

[Customer 35:10]
Okay, fine.

[Sales Agent 35:12]
Yeah. I think that I will share you some more information on WhatsApp.
Maybe

[Sales Agent 35:17]
we can have a chat in the evening whenever you feel like. So you just
let me know 10 minutes prior to whenever you would like to connect and
then I will be able to give a call back Because this is an extension
line,

[Sales Agent 35:29]
we are calling on the recorded line. So do you have to ask any other
thing, any other concerns apart from the replacement or the
recruitment side?

[Customer 35:39]
No, I dont know. No question Carol, I just I will check it out
whatever you share and check it out. If I have any doubts, I will
surely get you.

[Sales Agent 35:51]
Done, done. Okay then all done from my side. Thanks for giving your
time. Good day.

[Customer 35:59]
Okay, thank you. Thank you.
