[Customer 00:00]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello. Hi. Is this Mr Akhilesh?

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Hello. Hi, this is Mr Akhil Akhilesh. This is Neha from the admission
team of Upgrad.

[Customer 00:13]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
Yeah, actually Akhilesh, I am having your enquiry. You have been
looking out for a digital marketing course which is offered by Mica.

[Customer 00:21]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:23]
I got your enquiry. You have made it correct.

[Customer 00:26]
I was just looking through the courses, I am not like finalised on
what I want to pursue as of now. I was just browsing through upgrade.

[Sales Agent 00:36]
Okay, so if you can help me with your profile, I will help you with
the relevant courses which should be suitable according to your
profile.

[Customer 00:44]
Sure, Sir. So I have about 4 years of experience in sales operation.

[Sales Agent 00:49]
And.

[Customer 00:50]
My

[Customer 00:51]
escalation is to enter into the field of marketing,

[Customer 00:56]
digital marketing and like also like the new fields like like
performance marketing is there.

[Customer 01:06]
So those are my interests. I was just going through like multiple
websites and which bothers to understand which one who suits me
better.

[Sales Agent 01:20]
So like it's somebody mentioned you to do or get into a marketing
domain or is it your choice to get here after 4 years of experience
that to increase you?

[Customer 01:31]
I worked in adtech company previously and currently also I am working
in sort of market research company and I see where the trend is going.

[Sales Agent 01:42]
And we can take you have worked.

[Customer 01:43]
In I worked in technology

[Customer 01:47]
entire and currently I am working in Nelson IQ.

[Sales Agent 01:52]
Okay, alright, so it's more into the marketing aspect. Alright, so
this is I can say this is your personal choice when you want to get
into it. Is it

[Sales Agent 02:04]
okay? And what was the highest qualification?

[Customer 02:08]
I am completed like a postgraduate MBA and this thing marketing.

[Sales Agent 02:16]
Market

[Sales Agent 02:17]
MB in marketing.

[Customer 02:19]
Only.

[Sales Agent 02:25]
So like now where you came on upgraded, somebody suggested you to go
and search for Abrad or Micah or you were just going through and you
came on that.

[Customer 02:36]
10 to couple of profile of people on LinkedIn and have found lot of
them have done this particular course.

[Sales Agent 02:44]
So thats how I got to correct. Alright so coming to the course
Akhilesh being very honest a person who is looking for a transaction
that too from a distance fee. You have completed distance learning
into MBA correct? You in distance learning I also know you will not be
getting any knowledge. It's just a paper which you have to written and
that's it, correct?

[Sales Agent 03:06]
So getting A tag of that and getting into an marketing field build
anyways will not work. Okay. But Micah being very honest, it's into an
Asia Pacific reason like how IIMS are famous for management courses,
similarly Micah for marketing courses. So the persons from Apple,
Google, they pay the CEO 's or the marketing head has completed this
particular course and individually they will be coming out to teach
you there as well.

[Sales Agent 03:34]
Okay, because they are the aluminise of Myka. So they know market in
and out. The major point is because they are into the market from past
good years and a decades I can say. So they know how marketing works,
how traditional came to digital, what are the major, major artificial
intelligence tools which are there into the ground level, correct. So
is the person who is already into market will be giving you projects,
will be giving you case studies. So that will be more relevant and
coming to when you will be getting into an interview of marketing
field after having 4 years of sales experience.

[Sales Agent 04:09]
So you should be having some sort of skills over your portfolio,
correct. So in that particular part you will be working with companies
like Swiggy, biocoop.com, Ziva makes dashboard so that you can
actually choose.

[Customer 04:22]
The project.

[Sales Agent 04:25]
Correct, they will correct. During the course there will be live
projects which will be from these particular companies. Protein X is
one, Swiggy is one, then Bear Proof is one, Star Post is one and
Zivame is one. There will be 5 to 6 live projects

[Sales Agent 04:40]
which you will be going through.

[Customer 04:41]
This is like sort of like internship or like

[Customer 04:46]
no?

[Sales Agent 04:47]
So basically the data of that particular company will be provided to
you, the tools which you will be working on will be provided to you.
The access to all the license tools which are into the brochures and
the website you will be getting like there are in if I say in counting
there are almost 25 plus tools which are into this particular course.
Okay, because post comes with 5 different specialization as sales is a
very vast thing somebody works in it takes somebody is in different
field, correct? So the everywhere is safe.

[Sales Agent 05:19]
Similarly, is it marketing? Marketing,

[Sales Agent 05:21]
if you get into branding in communication, this is one different
vertical of marketing. Then there comes marketing analytics being into
sales, into ethics, you know lead generation and everything is the
major impact which impact over the sales, correct. Then 3rd, social
media and content marketing, the very, very vast area of digital
marketing team is there correct. After that, the PR, public relations,
business communications, that matters a lot. And the last and the
major, major booming segment which has started after Corona that is
generated artificial intelligence,

[Sales Agent 05:54]
correct. So these are the 5 specializations which are covered into the
course and it totally depends on you as a candidate. Either you want
to go and join a course with anyone specialization, you want to do any
tour specialization or you want to go with all 5 specialisations. So
it is a. It is totally your cause.

[Sales Agent 06:14]
Okay, how long is your?

[Customer 06:16]
Post for.

[Sales Agent 06:17]
Like

[Sales Agent 06:20]
so basically course depends on the specialization which you are
taking. Starting 5.5 months will be totally into core. So course is
divided into 3 segments. First 2.5 months will be in the foundation
part, then there are tracks and then there are specialization alright.
So if you are going with the core part with any single specialization,
the course duration will be in total 7 months and that 7 months
includes statement assistance as well. Okay. If you are going with any
2 specialization, so after 7

[Sales Agent 06:54]
months, 5 weeks will be increased, okay. So it will become 8.2 around
around Theek Hai and again that will be including of the placement
assistance. If you are going with 3, again 5 weeks will be increasing.
So if you are going with all 5, we calculate as in total 11 months,
okay. Now, yeah, as I mentioned this 11 months will be including of
the placement assistance and the placement assistance works. If you
see there are 3 to 4 categories which have been divided into them,
okay,

[Sales Agent 07:27]
First after completing 50% of the quote, you will be assigned with one
career coach, okay? Now that career coach will be understanding your
profile will be taking your one and one session and understand where
you are and where you want to get into, okay.

[Sales Agent 07:42]
Now a career coach has their own target to build their portfolios,
okay? So that target of having in candidates and getting into a
monetary hike as well as designation hike will be their target, okay?
So according to their target, they will help you. Now after having a
session with you, there are almost around 350 plus companies which are
tied up with Apradh as of now, okay. So among them some are domestic
and some are Mncs as well.

[Sales Agent 08:11]
So depending on candidates profile or where candidate want to go, they
will be helping you with the mock interview preparation. Sound okay?
And that will not be limited round. It's like until unless you are not
satisfied around 78 rounds, it will not be end like your preparation
will be the most precious thing for them, Okay. After that they will
be giving you a job portal access. So like how naukri.com works. So
naukri.com is in a portal where anybody can go correct? Anybody can
search for job but

[Sales Agent 08:43]
upgrad has their own job portal which is a premium job portal named as
Recruit India. Now because upgrade is tied up with Mica, IIM triple IT
Bangalore, some of the foreign university as well. So all the alumnis,
ex alumnis and all the

[Sales Agent 09:00]
histories which are there in the list are there okay. So any which
ways if you are going there, they know what skills that you are having
according to their bill handpick you as well, okay. Or you can go and
give your thing as well. You can do your fare suggestion because all
the candidates among upgraded under industries which are already have
upgraded candidate will be there only. Okay. So this and this
particular job portal access will be having to you for more than 6
months.

[Sales Agent 09:32]
Lets say 7 months is the course duration. So even after 7 months, you
will be having all the access for last 6 months as well.

[Sales Agent 09:40]
Okay, so this is how the job portal will work. Coming to the
curriculum back, so as I mentioned starting 2.5 will be the foundation
part. Now there are 2 categories people, one are the freshers who just
graduated and then one are the people who are having 5 + 510 years of
experience. Now they come from different different domains either they
are from marketing only but the brand tag matters a lot because again
industry is biased. If you will be having a certification from IIMIIT,
triple IT, MICA, that obviously they will give you a significant role
into their industry, correct?

[Sales Agent 10:17]
So the people who are holding 10 plus years of experience are also
there. But the starting 2.5 months, the foundation part, the starting
the fundamentals of marketing, what actually SEO is about, a CM is
about, Facebook is about and all the little, little things about
marketing you will be learning into 2.5 months wherein the fresher,
the person who is graduated and the person who is having more than 10
years of experience will be sitting together for 2.5 months.

[Sales Agent 10:46]
But after a point, obviously you are having industry knowledge,
correct? You are having 4 years of experience, you know how everything
works being into sales, you know marketing as well, correct? So again,
the person who is holding experience will not be liking to sit with a
fresher for the entire course journey, correct? So after 2.5 months,
there are 2 tracks, one is an executive track and one is a manager
track. Alright So people who are who are just going to start their
journey majorly getting into the executive class so that they should
learn about the basic of marketing digital marketing major

[Sales Agent 11:23]
okay. But the person who will be getting into management track will be
having the perks like I will give you the major differentiation
between both the tracks in an in an executive track, there will be
only around 5 to 7 tools which you will be working on or which you
will be learning on okay, wherein management track covers all the 25
plus tools and this is listed over website as well. This is one thing.
Another thing is executive you also know what they will be learning.
It's like you have once you have started your journey that is what
they are gonna talk okay. But when it comes to a manager level, it's
more if you are looking forward to a managerial loan or a senior
managerial loan that to into marketing domain. So the leadership
expect is also covered there.

[Sales Agent 12:04]
Okay, and your tears will be like you only who is already having at
least 567 or 10 years of experience. OK, so that again network plays a
big, big impact, correct? So now after 2.5 months of foundation, you
will be getting into 3 months of tax. So whatever you have learnt into
the foundation part, that will be a little into an advance format.
Then after completing the track, you have to choose the
specialization. Okay, now as I mentioned there are 5.

[Customer 12:38]
Months to understand where my interest lies in.

[Sales Agent 12:42]
Correct, correct correct. And the track part you have to decide in
between of the course only. Dont have to decide on the priority basis.

[Sales Agent 12:49]
Okay, okay, same

[Sales Agent 12:53]
is happening with the specialization. You have to decide the number of
specializations as of now. But which specialization specifically you
want to do, you have to decide in between of the courses itself. Okay
so as I mentioned there are the 5 specialization. Now lets say you are
taking social media and content marketing as of now. If you are
starting your career, just a suggestion. The major 3 specialisations
which are a lot of people taking into it,

[Sales Agent 13:21]
it's versus branding, branding, communication. Second is social media
and content marketing. Then 3rd is generative artificial intelligence.
OK because they are linked with each other. I can say if you have a
lot like if you are working in an organization, the first thing should
be a brand to set up correct? If people will not be aware about the
brand any which ways they will not come. Same is like how upgrade
works if you are just typing mica, if you are just typing digital
marketing code, the first search bar

[Sales Agent 13:52]
will be a feedback because they have maintained that okay the
marketing team has maintained that. So enhancement of brand is first
thing then how you will be showcasing your content, your

[Sales Agent 14:04]
service or your product over social media. Then come social media and
content marketing for that specifically you have to make an content in
an audio format, video format, text format and then you will be
showcasing it over different different platforms. Right now, be it
Instagram, be it Facebook, be it linking Quora and total platforms are
available which you will be learning

[Sales Agent 14:25]
and that includes performance marketing as well. OK, Now after getting
into social media and content marketing, in this particular
specialization, you will just be learning the chat deputy and an
advanced format and that is a text based content. But when it comes to
generative artificial intelligence, the tools, the prompt engineering
techniques like the content creations in terms of video, audio,
images, text and everything OK that contains into generative
artificial intelligence.

[Sales Agent 14:57]
So there are different tools for that like mid journey is there, open
dot Bing a I is there, Delhi is there and so so on. OK, so according
to the specialization, the curriculum will be different, okay Now the
major impact like after completing the course, there are 3
certifications which you will be getting okay? One is the direct MICA
certification because you will be completing a course and the
specializations will be written over here.

[Sales Agent 15:29]
Certificate. Okay, either you have completed worth one, the name of
that one if you are going with 2, the name of that 2 as well, this is
one. Another is you will be getting an NSBC certification also. So
have you ever heard about NSDC before?

[Customer 15:43]
No, no.

[Sales Agent 15:44]
No, that is a National Skill Development Corporation which states
whatever course you are completing from MICA or upgrad. That is a
government recognised force itself.

[Sales Agent 15:54]
Okay, this is this will be the second certification, the 3rd
certification. If you have ever heard about Meta Instagram pe Agar
aapne kabhi suna ho toh

[Sales Agent 16:05]
correct? So previously Micah has just completed the syllabus of Meta
but a candidate has to go by her his own and give the examinations by
his own. Okay. But as of now, according to the new introductions,
Micah will be getting into the curriculum of Meta certification and
upgrad will be paying the charge

[Sales Agent 16:27]
for a candidate to sit into the meta certification. The examination
charges will be weird by upgraded itself. Okay, so that is another one
certification which you can get. Okay so these will be the 3
certifications which you will be getting and along with all the live
projects you will be showing showcasing your 3 certificates over your
portfolio. Okay, these will be the major perks, the certifications
part and the placement part and the major impact over the upgrade and
my car courses. Now if you have ever heard about Shark tag

[Sales Agent 17:03]
yeah so Shark Tank is a course wherein like its tied up with a grat Mr
Ronnie Screw Wala the CEO of Upgrad will be one of the Shahs there and
the persons who have already completed or who are ongoing the course
of digital marketing of data science of HR as well. You will be coming
down to Shark Tank because marketing if you see there are a lot of
candidates who belong from business as well the startup side as well
Okay so they will be getting a chance to get on track tank. Even
though if you see the last 2 episodes of Shaft Tank, you will be
seeing the learners from Upgrad majorly from digital marketing as
well,

[Sales Agent 17:39]
okay? So this is also one thing which will be giving a big impact over
your portfolios and your profile is that from where you exactly you
are completing the course, okay? So these are the introductions which
are mainly there and again because you were not really sure on to this
particular post and these are the things which are not even listed
over their website as well. So these are the new introduction for this
particular batch. Alright,

[Sales Agent 18:07]
yeah. So now.

[Customer 18:11]
OK.

[Sales Agent 18:12]
So the course fees again depends on the specialization like how
duration is if you are going with any one specialization that will be
1,13,000 and that is including of GST, including of placement
assistance, including of all the tools access and including of meta
certification. Okay, so this 1,00,013 will be including of now this
1,00,013 is not the one shot payment cost it just you have to block
your seat by paying 15,000 and that will be the part of your total
fees itself.

[Sales Agent 18:45]
Okay. And then the remaining 96 will be converted into EMI. Okay,
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 18:52]
yeah there are 2 sort of EMI, one is no cost where till 9 months there
is zero interest charge, OK. But if you are going beyond 9 months like
say for 12 months, 24 months, 36 months then there is flat 10%
interest charge done. Okay. Again, that will be your call that how
what flexibility you want to choose either you want to go with no cost
PMI or standard EMI, alright.

[Customer 19:18]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:19]
Yeah. So this is if you are going with any single.

[Customer 19:23]
Brochure

[Customer 19:24]
for this so could you share it on my email?

[Sales Agent 19:27]
Yeah, sure, if you can help me with your email or WhatsApp will be the
fine thing, yeah.

[Customer 19:32]
WhatsApp will also be fine so we can.

[Sales Agent 19:35]
So if this is the same number which you are using over your WhatsApp,

[Sales Agent 19:40]
alright, then what I will do is I will share you all the relevant
details along with the placement assistance along with some of the
LinkedIn profiles which you have already seen though, okay? The
brochure, the fee structure and the major, the Meta certification,
Vala part as well. Okay,

[Sales Agent 19:57]
So I will share you all the relevant details over your WhatsApp first,
have a look into it, okay? And if you are coming across any issues,
any doubts, you can just reach me out over my WhatsApp. That will be
my personal number, alright.

[Sales Agent 20:13]
Yeah, any specific doubt or query before we end this call?

[Customer 20:18]
So I just want to see whether this course align and one more topic
that I am interested is something in revenue operations and sales
forecasting. So does upgrade have any course like this?

[Sales Agent 20:31]
Yeah, that is a different program that is from I am Kozhikode that is
into sales and marketing where this particular topic is covered and
that is from Talent Edge.

[Customer 20:44]
OK, talented. OK.

[Sales Agent 20:45]
Yeah. So basically upgraded talent age are one entity. Now upgrade is
a parental company. Okay, so the course which this is into sales
forecasting is belonging from Talent Edge. I am Kohipurt. The
certifications and the teaching things will be from IM Kozhikode
directly the 3rd rank I am.

[Customer 21:05]
And another question I had was like my wife right, so she is an HR and
there is a new designation which is coming up right now called
employees branding. So the survey have a course on this as well or
like you would recommend the similar course like what I am doing and
then exploring career in

[Customer 21:31]
employees branding?

[Sales Agent 21:32]
See employer branding is a part of brand communication management
course and that is a different program again from Mica itself, OK,
wherein there is an another course from IM Kozhikode again that is
side of the upgrad and that is in human resource management and
analytics course, okay, where there are 2 tools covered as well and
the certifications will be from our end. But if she is majorly looking
forward to the HR in branding or something like that, then the brand
communication management because the communication

[Sales Agent 22:06]
business communications and XYZ things are covered into that
particular course.

[Sales Agent 22:12]
Yeah, but that particular course is yeah, correct. And even though if
you and your wife are planning, so there is an refer and earned policy
which is ongoing on upgrad. So if you are a part of upgrad or either
not as well, you can refer anyone either it's your wife or someone
else. Okay. So on referring you will be getting some cashback and
eventually she will be getting some scholarships. Okay. So that
depends on yeah course to course and like because

[Sales Agent 22:43]
again Myka has some different cashbacks and the scholarships offer
either the IIM is having some different alright.

[Sales Agent 22:51]
So do one

[Sales Agent 22:55]
thing like.

[Customer 22:56]
Digital marketing and branding course which I had looked up for you
send me browser for that and whatever is relevant to my wife as well,
right Or the calls that you just mentioned, if you can send both the
brochure, we will have a look at it and.

[Sales Agent 23:13]
Sure. So what I will do is I will share you the digital marketing one
which majorly I explained you right now with the specialization. Then
I share you the I am cool code one which is into sales and marketing
because

[Sales Agent 23:26]
sort of sales forecasting is covered into that particular course. OK.
Then the course which I mentioned brand communication for.

[Customer 23:35]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 23:37]
Am I audible?

[Customer 23:40]
For like about 1020 seconds I couldn't.

[Sales Agent 23:43]
Hear, sorry, sorry. So I am just repeating it out. I am sharing you 3
relevant details. Courses 2 for you which comes with digital marketing
and sales forecasting and then the last one for your wife which is
into Brand communication management course.

[Customer 23:57]
Alright, communication management,

[Customer 23:59]
okay.

[Sales Agent 24:00]
So if it.

[Customer 24:01]
Has this across. I will. We will have a look on it and we will spend
some time today evening and give you a call by tomorrow.

[Sales Agent 24:09]
Sure, correct. That is what even eventually

[Sales Agent 24:17]
please sector will be mentioned eventually on the website as well. I
will share you the website and the brochure. Even though in brochure
this is also written and the brand communication course again comes
with 2 different specialization. But because she is majorly looking
forward to a communication, but she according to me the tools and the
different thing, the social media will not work out, but the core
program will do okay.

[Sales Agent 24:42]
So that again, the fee structure is already written on that particular
thing either, though I will share it from my end also.

[Sales Agent 24:50]
Okay, great, great.

[Customer 24:52]
Yeah, please.

[Sales Agent 24:53]
Do one yeah just do one thing whichever website links I am sharing you
okay, do not ask your wife to get into those websites because if she
will be getting into website I mean the lead will create and you will
not be getting reference benefits okay either you.

[Customer 25:10]
Can.

[Sales Agent 25:11]
Correct, Correct. You just open it from your phone or your email ID,
Alright.

[Customer 25:17]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 25:18]
Okay and if any doubt comes across you just ping me over my WhatsApp
even though in the evening I will be available.

[Customer 25:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 25:28]
Yeah, alright, Okay, Akhilesh, you are welcome.

[Customer 25:34]
Bye.
