[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello, this is Neetu Kumari.

[Customer 00:04]
Yeah, hello.

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Hi Anish, this side from Upgrade Education, very good morning.

[Sales Agent 00:11]
Yeah, actually we have received your enquiry that you are looking for
advance certificate in digital marketing from Myka Institute. Is it
correct?

[Sales Agent 00:19]
Yeah. And you have booked the appointment for 11:00 AM today. Okay. So
is it a good time to talk to our discussion only?

[Customer 00:27]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:28]
Okay so firstly I would like to know about your profile also like a
working experience and your highest qualification.

[Customer 00:35]
Actually I was in the teaching field previously. I have completed my
masters in zoology but

[Customer 00:43]
now I just want to change my profession right like.

[Sales Agent 00:46]
Like you want to switch in the market and women completely,

[Sales Agent 00:50]
Okay, like in how many years of working experience do you hold?

[Customer 00:55]
6 months.

[Sales Agent 00:56]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 00:59]
so like have you made any kind of researches from your side or like
have you seen the website

[Sales Agent 01:06]
about this? Yeah.

[Customer 01:07]
Yeah. Actually I have interest in this social media marketing also. So

[Customer 01:13]
I just thought of this person in this digital marketing thing.

[Sales Agent 01:18]
So I will tell you this course is provided by the Micra Institute.
MICA is a Mudra institute of communication which is in Ahmedabad and
if my number one institute in whole Pacific Asia, I am not talking
about particularly Indian whole pacification. So number one institute.
Second is marketing is a big domain. Firstly you have to understand
this domain of marketing you have to hit and this domain marketing
will help you in the future.

[Sales Agent 01:42]
So that's why there are 5 specializations in it. According to your
need you can go with 123 and all 5 also.

[Customer 01:51]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 01:51]
So in the starting 6 months, firstly you will learn about the basic to
the advanced level of digital marketing. Can you expect of digital
marketing? You will learn then your 55 weeks of specialization will
keep adding on.

[Customer 02:05]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 02:06]
Yeah, because if you go with the one specialization duration will be
of 7 months. If you go with 28.5, with 39.5, with 410.5 with all 51
year code from your first best limit.

[Customer 02:21]
To your first will also be the different accordingly.

[Customer 02:26]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 02:27]
So your first specialization is social media and content marketing.
But in this you will learn about some algorithms. Firstly you will
learn about the company's product, companies needs, your customers
needs then a platforms need. Then you have to establish one strategy.
If you make only one strategy for all the product for all the
platforms it cant be helpful for you. You have to be little bit depend
on every platform because you are using these kind of platforms are
very different like

[Sales Agent 02:59]
if your product is for the youngsters you have to hit more on YouTube
or on or Instagram part

[Sales Agent 03:03]
please. You have to be little bit creative. You have to learn some
algorithms that only you will able to create some good strategies on
the social media

[Sales Agent 03:12]
thik hai. Secondly, in this loan you will learn about the content
marketing. Sir in content marketing what you willing like to you can
give some slogans, some good messages, some ads to your company like
abhi Jo bhi train chalta hai, Swiggy to network ke paas aapke message
aate ho mere. So what are you doing? Anything going in the time they
will give you that pop up only abhi word ka chal raha tha so they are
giving you that.

[Customer 03:37]
Offer funding the content writing.

[Sales Agent 03:39]
Yes yes

[Sales Agent 03:42]
content writing was because aapne kabhi suggest Maine aapko bataya
World Cup se related tha to woh aapko usi ke message bhej deti Hoon ya
unse coffee jyada track hai. People are taking screenshots of that and
putting on their social media platform. Then it will be on the
pending.

[Customer 03:55]
Side SO.

[Sales Agent 03:57]
What

[Sales Agent 03:57]
content you should give to the company so it will be on the trending
part after go points Dene hai plus yahaan pe isme aapka financing part
bahut jyaada open mil jaata hai

[Sales Agent 04:07]
like in the financing part you have to give some you have to put your
bid basically. So if with the in this you will learn some tools like
company will give you a certain project like hamare hamare ko ye
strategy build karke dijiye so aapko do din ka time diya. But if you
do in the 2 or 3 hours if the tools only so it will be a very
beneficial for you. So they will give you the milenge mujhe.

[Customer 04:30]
Like AAP log please matlab upgrade replacement karvaenge ya fir mujhe
Jake Sir khud se karna jayega.

[Sales Agent 04:36]
There is 100% job assistance in it. Okay, like after completing a 50%
of the program, we will assign you a course. Take that, he will sit
with you. He will make a resume according to your need, according to
your chosen of your specialization. Then he will make your LinkedIn
profile too. Then he will give you some mock interviews. So aapka
practice rahega theek hai.

[Sales Agent 04:59]
We have a job portal ka recruit.com in which we have a tie up with the
300 plus top companies.

[Sales Agent 05:06]
Till tomorrow Amazon has placed the recruitment then they then they
need a social media handling manager or a content writer or a brand
manager or a marketing manager anything theek hai. So you have placed
your enquiry there Sir. One person on the same company in a cat of 48
hours from the same domain will contact you. So it is a high chance
you can clear your interview in the first one because you you will
clear your doubts in the early stage only.

[Sales Agent 05:34]
Okay like what salary should I expect? What are the questions they
will ask? So everything will be cleared by you. So it is the high
chance you can clear your interest in the first term. Plus one more
thing like after completing your program plus 6 months, you will get
the job portal access. You can apply again and again for the job.

[Customer 05:53]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 05:55]
Secondly, one more benefit for you. Like in this there are 2 tracks

[Sales Agent 05:59]
executive track and manager track. Executive track are for the
fresher. We have just passed out the call because we dont have any
fare experience. So I am considering you as a fresher because you are
moving to this domain only. Okay, so as a fresher they are getting an
average family of 8 to 9,00,000.

[Customer 06:18]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:18]
Because they are doing from the MITA institute. Like if you want to do
the some technical courses I suggest go with the people IT or IT Delhi
or Bangalore. If you want to do some HR process go with the IIM with
the leadership courses. IM ke paas jaate hai, AAP excel right ke paas
jaate hai. Same with the MICA Agar aapko lead marketing course karna
hai. You should do from my account only.

[Customer 06:40]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:41]
Isliye yahaan pe we take only 40 students in a batch. You prepare them
thoroughly so they will get a good placement. So that Sir might have
also the number one theek hai toh aapko yahaan pe Ek cheese ka koi
problem nahi aayega job assistance Sir.

[Customer 06:55]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:55]
Yeah, any doubts till?

[Customer 06:58]
Now.

[Sales Agent 06:59]
Theek hai so I have told you about the furnished specialization only
now I will tell you about the second specialization that is marketing
analytics. So if you want to earn some good amount of money so you
should know about the some practical knowledge plus you should be in
the data given thing then you will be able to earn more money. Okay,
so in this marketing analytics company will have some data, previous
year data that we are spending this much amount of money on Instagram,
Facebook and linking

[Sales Agent 07:31]
and we are getting this much of profit

[Sales Agent 07:34]
and our competitors are using this much or this strategy and they are
getting 20% of profit. Should we apply the same or not? So it is like
a business analysis because now I didnt come in India. If I tell you

[Sales Agent 07:49]
is there any penalty? Jobs are currently as the number one position.
So in this firstly you will think in your mind what the strategy you
have to use. Then with the data you put on the tools then you finalise
the strategy that we should apply this strategy. So will we get the
20% profit?

[Sales Agent 08:06]
So it will take companies money and time.

[Sales Agent 08:11]
So in marketing analytics with the backbone of marketing basically.

[Sales Agent 08:15]
Okay, Yeah. So this is the second specialization which I have told
you. And your 3rd specialization is generative A I. It is just added
in the digital marketing. Only 5 to 6% of people currently knowing
about it in India

[Sales Agent 08:31]
thik hai. So its the advance level of marketing for you if you are a
creative person. So this will be very beneficial for you because in
this you will learn how to make videos, audio schemes in a creative
manner because there are certain good status which you will make only
with the A I part

[Sales Agent 08:49]
someone faces why it is to make some good amount of strategy. Plus in
this in this you will learn about some prompt engineering techniques
in a IL because A I is the future like after 5 years a ID has to
starting SE Agar aapko A ICV Mein jaana hai kyonki marketing Mein abhi
new hai

[Sales Agent 09:09]
iske liye aapko per jyada benefit rahega aur ye specialization abhi
recently add bhi Hua hai. Sir,

[Sales Agent 09:15]
this should be very beneficial for you

[Sales Agent 09:19]
and you are through the specialization is branding and communication.

[Sales Agent 09:24]
These are for the entrepreneurs and for the business. Mam basically
theek hai. So have you heard the name Mama Earth?

[Sales Agent 09:32]
So what are they doing? If you buy a product from them, they will
plant a tree for you theek hai. On that basis only they have created a
brand. So what brand strategy you should use for your company? Like if
you work in the startup theek hai Agar aapka job startup company Mein
lagta hai bahut strategy you should group them to. They will convert
into the brand basically.

[Customer 09:53]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 09:55]
And plus in this you will learn about the some international market
strategy because they are using fabulous kind of strategy. Then Indian
people are using after 4 to 5 years. So if you want to learn from the
starting date only like yeah aapka still has premium. We have periodic
banding Mein kaisa rehta hai, company ka aapko strategy ke liye
reshount karte hai. We need some good amount of strategy. We will pay
you

[Sales Agent 10:19]
Agar aapka strategy achchha hoga toh usame aapka mat jyaada help hota
hai. Plus

[Sales Agent 10:24]
in this you will learn there is one case study with the Sweety

[Sales Agent 10:28]
thik hai so you will give you a small city. You have to develop one
good amount of strategy for them. So if they like your strategy and
they get the more profit, so it is the high chance they will hire you
and give the certain other projects too.

[Sales Agent 10:43]
Yeah. And your last specialization is marketing, communication,

[Sales Agent 10:49]
public relation, how to talk with the people in a creative manner, how
to deal with the people, how to run campaigns on Instagram, Facebook,
Linden. So it's like a public relation because in after applying the
strategies on the social media, you have to run some campaign then
only it will be on the trending side. Aapne matlab strategy apna post
kar diya aur kuchh chala nahi chala wo secondly thing ho jaata hai.
But you have to run some campaigns over it. Tabhi who standing part
Mein aata hai

[Sales Agent 11:16]
to aapko kya campaign sunan karne hai kaise logo se deal karna hai.
Marketing Mein Jo kya virtual baat kar rahe hai. Mujhe marketing karte
hai toh aapko psychology thoda samajhana padta hai Ki chalo kya pasand
hai. Kaise to marketing communication aapko us Mein help karta hai.

[Customer 11:32]
And it will be a kind of internship. Jaisa chijon hoga toh khud se hi
karna hoga kya nahi na.

[Sales Agent 11:37]
What type of internship? Like there is no internship payment, there is
a fully paid job we will give.

[Customer 11:44]
You

[Customer 11:45]
aapne bataya woh poora executive ka hi tha na.

[Sales Agent 11:48]
Matlab.

[Customer 11:49]
Aur iska to kuchh bhi drop nahi kar sakte saare.

[Sales Agent 11:52]
Matlab

[Sales Agent 11:55]
main aapko suggest karta Hoon dekhiye Agar aapka budget or aapka time
allow karta hai to definitely you should go with the all side because
Agar AAP Ek hajaar specialization lenge

[Sales Agent 12:04]
toh AAP like aapne social media choose Kara please. You will be at the
social media handling manager only in the future if you go with the 3
or more. If the high chance in the future, you can be digital
marketing head because you already know about the marketing analytics
branding part. So these are these all work under you basically. So for
the future part, if you want to be at the manager side, if you want to
see, you should go with at least 3 or all 5.

[Sales Agent 12:33]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 12:36]
and.

[Customer 12:39]
Han Bolie.

[Sales Agent 12:40]
Duration Jaise mainne aapko bataya AAP Ek ke saath jaate hai toh
renews ka rehta hai do ke saath 8.5 teen ke saath 9.5 char ke saath
10.5 aur paanch sau ke saath Ek saal ka aapka rehta hai

[Sales Agent 12:54]
thik hai. Plus its on the blended format like from Monday to Saturday
your classes will be on the recorded line. You have to give one hour
daily, anytime in a day to complete the lecture.

[Customer 13:06]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:06]
And on Sundays there are 2 hours of life classes.

[Customer 13:11]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:11]
So who I just attended her name is Falguni Vasavan.

[Sales Agent 13:16]
She is known as queen of marketing in India and having more than 20
years of experience plus having on Instagram behind she is having 170
K plus follower

[Sales Agent 13:27]
so she will be teaching you on every Sunday plus every alternate
weekends and industrial sessions will be taken by The Who are working
in Reserve Bank, Apple and Google. We are at the managerial position
so they will guide you like what things you should do like in ajita K
marketing. Mr Technology aane wala hai abhi kya drawback chal raha hai
aapko kaunse specialization kaise help karega because without
practical knowledge you cant get the higher profit or the higher
salary.

[Sales Agent 13:55]
So they will guide you about the practical knowledge part.

[Sales Agent 14:00]
Plus in this it is a completely practical based project. So like there
are 15 plus cases studies in it. As I already told you, the first case
study with the 3D yes second case is 3 with the base coop that
clothing brand.

[Customer 14:15]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:16]
Yeah, 3rd case study with the Cult Fit Med gym brand.

[Customer 14:20]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:20]
Your forward cases ready with the ecom for Amazon for the ecommerce
part or the selling and buying techniques. So everything like Jo bhi
apne domain ka sabse badi company Jo sales, transportation, music,
food and beverage, food delivery unake saath aapka Ek Ek case study
hoga. So you have a clear idea in your mind because marketing her
freedom Mein lagega or aapko nahi Pata AAP aage Gaye Ki Jo maintain
company ko hit karenge. So you have a clear ID in your mind?

[Sales Agent 14:48]
Yeah. For policy, health care or kaise help karega

[Sales Agent 14:52]
plus in this there are 5 life projects like you will you will learn
how to run ads on Facebook, Instagram and Google app. It can block
creation, project email marketing.

[Sales Agent 15:07]
These are the full name.

[Customer 15:08]
Please Sir cash bataya aapne classes kya kar raha Hoon Monday to
Saturday kya bataaun.

[Sales Agent 15:13]
Monday se Saturday aapka recorded line pay accept rehta hai like we
will assign you a CRM portal usape aapko daily basis pay one hour ka
Ek lecture provide hoga.

[Customer 15:23]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 15:25]
Theek hai woh aapko apne taraf se dekhna hai plus there are certain
cases studies which we will assign you to aapko complete karna hai.
Plus Agar aapko Monday se Saturday koi doubt aata hai. Sunday ko
Kuwait ka life classes hota hai woh doubt resolving bhi hota hai aur
life infected bhi hota hai vahan ko padhaaya bhi jayega or aapke doubt
bhi clear karenge

[Sales Agent 15:43]
plus Agar aapko Monday se Saturday bhi koi doubt aata hai toh we will
Agar aapko usi time clear karna hai toh we will assign you upgrade
buddy

[Sales Agent 15:53]
AAP vahan pe apane doubt put kar sakte hai toh One dedicated person
will assign to you who aapke doubt usi time resolve karenge.

[Customer 16:03]
Okay toh vahi hai na Ki daily bas one hour is one hour hi dena hai.

[Sales Agent 16:07]
Na yes okay this is designed for the working professionals. Agar AAP
side by side aapne job bhi karte honge to aapka job a job job AAP apna
access complete kar sakte hai.

[Sales Agent 16:18]
Yes a plus in this There are 90 plus tools which you will learn in it
like email marketing se related kya paisa tool dekhenge email
marketing Mein put kar har is ko same email chala Gaya

[Sales Agent 16:30]
YouTube app ko kaise karna hai matlab chain GPTTI Ki jit ke tools hote
hai aapko 90 plus tools hai na shopper se khaye jaate hai toh. Its a
clear thing you have. You should have a practical knowledge in it.

[Customer 16:45]
Actually main khud Sir kar rahi Hoon matlab aisa nahin hai vehicle
knowledge.

[Sales Agent 16:48]
Ka.

[Customer 16:50]
Kuchh abhi start kiya hai Ek do shampoo vents and plus jewellery ka
freelancing kind of

[Customer 16:58]
social media Sir.

[Sales Agent 17:01]
Theek hai Maine aapko manager tag isliye abhi nahi bataya kyonki
manager track Mein. They will have a experience of 5 years, 10 years,
20 years, 30 years. They are the running at the big company. They are
the CEO level or director or they are running their big company from
last 20 years, 15 years

[Sales Agent 17:18]
to Agar AAP ho jayenge toh us Mein aapko option ye rahega Ki you will
have a great network building kyonki ho sakta hai wo aapko koi
projects hai wo kyonki jagah 55 students Mein aapka best 55 students
Mein ho jaayega jab AAP ye SAB studies kar rahe honge practical
projects aapko sign honge to jab AAP unhin ke saath work kar rahe
honge unko Tees hazaar ka experience hai toh. Definitely you will get
a good amount of experience from them

[Sales Agent 17:45]
toh who aapka manager track Mein aata hai but as you are new into this
you go should go with the executive track because its Mein AAP or
thoroughly padhaaya jayega aur aapko aage na Ki se koi problem nahi
aayega.

[Customer 17:57]
Okay, to us pe nahi padhaaya. Yeah, Manager Vale Mein.

[Sales Agent 18:01]
Manager chat Mein like apple usmein last Mein thoda aapko aur deeply
padhaya jaaye deeply in the sense Ki you woh aapko. Manager positions
ke liye thoda vaisa knowledge dete Hain like MBA part Mein like aapne
dekha Hua Ki woh managerial things ke liye diya jaata hai kaise handle
karna hai logon ko toh manager track Mein aapka ekha topic add hota
hai

[Sales Agent 18:22]
jisme aapko thoda. Manager positions ke baare Mein bataya jaata hai
bas AB Ji AAP nahi Hua hai toh AAP abhi ye choose karenge to abhi do
say teen saal jab AAP isamen work karenge to aapko automatically.
Manager positions ka idea lagta jayega toh usmein aapka who cheese
covered jayega because jab Tak AAP experience nahi lenge AAP yahaan
Tak nahi rah paayenge Jo wo cheese ka experience leke kar chuke hai

[Sales Agent 18:44]
toh AAP jaisa jaisa work karte honge aapka experience karte jayega aur
fir do mainly to aapko chief managerial position Mein bhi hamida ka
dikkat nahi rahega plus Jo aapka yahaan pe kyonki marketing aisa field
hai aapko growth ka jaldi milega

[Sales Agent 18:58]
kyunki aapke paas coffee saare options earning Mein khul jaate hai.
Suniye AAP khali job K through kar sakte hai. Freelancing kar sakte
hai side by side AAP companies ko ideas deke and kar sakte hai social
media Ki AAP apna kuchh

[Sales Agent 19:12]
open karke kaafi cheeje kar sakte hai toh AAP Ek job Tak AAP limit
nahi rahenge AAP ka bhi saare CB AAP ne bhi open kar sakte hai But
plus AB jaise aapka Starting tally 28 to 9,00,000 laga

[Sales Agent 19:26]
Agar kya hai aur paanch saal dekhenge so definitely you will hit
30,00,000. Agar AAP mere pass aise hi HR ya finance room ke liye aate
toh aapko itani jaldi growth nahi milta hai

[Sales Agent 19:37]
creative person hai marketing ke liye to definitely aapka Jo starting
or sirf paanch saal baad Agar AAP future dekhenge toh bahut help hoga
plus is course Mein aapka purane se lekin naye Tak saare topics cover
hai Jo ad ho raha hai Jo purana chal raha hai toh aapko aage paanch
saal ka kuchh karne ka bhi lead nahi rahega

[Sales Agent 19:57]
saree chijen cover ho jayega marketing fields.

[Sales Agent 20:03]
One more thing like in this you will get a alumina status.

[Customer 20:07]
Okay, what is that problem?

[Sales Agent 20:11]
50,000 plus lens Jo abhi Tak kar chuke hai unake saath AAP alumni
status aapko milega institute like kangana and all aur Jo bhi AAP
vahan pay kisi bhi marketing field Mein dekhenge Jo apne manager
position ya badi badi companies Mein manager hai unhone may ka Sahi
Kara hoga. So you will be a part of that thing only.

[Customer 20:30]
Okay, could.

[Sales Agent 20:31]
You allow a connection between them or plus executive alumni Mein
aapka ye helpful laga whenever you want to go to the institute side,
want to meet your faculties and everything so you can visit.

[Customer 20:43]
Okay, you want to.

[Sales Agent 20:45]
Keep this so if you go with the one specialization only with the base
program, so the fees would be 1,13,000.

[Customer 20:56]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 20:57]
In the initial stage you have to pay 15,001 5 to block your seat after
filling one application. Then 98,000 you can convert into the EMI. No
cost EMI up to 9 months and the standard EMI is up to 3 years.

[Customer 21:13]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 21:14]
If you go with the tour specialization 1,30,000

[Sales Agent 21:19]
by with 3, 1,00,047 with 4 1,00,064 with all 5 1,81,000 to jawab
1,81,000 Agar AAP poora 5 years ka course one year ka course lete hai
main 5 years specialization dekho ₹1,81,002 of 15,000 starting Mein
pay kar dete hai toh 1,66,000 ka EMI karva sakte hai Now mahine ke
liye AAP no cost JA sakte hai. Jiska koi bhi interest nahi rahega aur
Agar AAP barah mahine atharah mahine chaubis mahine chhattees mahine
Tak jaate hai jisame Agar AAP chhattees mahine choose karte toh I
think who aapka

[Sales Agent 21:54]
5045 100 K approx rahega to woh AAP doosra karte hai toh who aapke
liye kaafi beneficial rehta hai plus aapka jab aisa lagta hai Ki aapko
pre close karna hai like Ek saal Tak aapne EMI Kara Sir aapko lagta
hai aur mera salary extra lag diya hai. I have a good amount of money
now to AAP poora free clothes pahale bhi kar sakte hai.

[Customer 22:15]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 22:19]
Plus in this you will basically in this you will get a 4 certificates
okay pahala toh Maine aapko Jo mytha Institute se milega ya death. You
have completed your advance certificate in digital marketing and
communication second year executive alumni status. Thirdly, you will
get a NFD certificate certificate like National Steel Development
Corporation if the government body

[Sales Agent 22:41]
yeah, if the government approved certificate AAP Agar aapne diesel
locker open karenge to usmen bhi aapko apna certificate milega that it
is a government assured certificate and has received the approved
certificate hai toh usmen aapko government approved hai toh aage Jake
woh bhi aapko bahut help katega.

[Sales Agent 22:58]
Secondly, yeah 4th certificate is the capstone projection.

[Sales Agent 23:03]
Capstone is like aapne mini research base project hota hai aapka jab
poora program finish ho jaata hai toh aapko ye stop AAP apani marji se
topic diya jaata hai aapko

[Sales Agent 23:15]
AAP choose kar sakte hai koi bhi Ek paint koi bhi Ek domain industrial
expert ke saath aapka

[Sales Agent 23:21]
Ek aapko bithaya jaata hai toh AAP marketing field se research karte
hai.

[Customer 23:26]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 23:29]
To wo aapka bahut jyada helpful rehta hai that you have do a research
in the marketing field. Aur uska aapko aisa cash on project mil raha
hai jab aapko apna resume Mein update karte hai toh who bahut jyaada
beneficial aapko aage rehta hai

[Sales Agent 23:43]
plus like aapka Jo program hai woh start ho raha hai. 29th of Feb KO.

[Customer 23:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:51]
And which 40 students ka best hai? And we already wind up with the
admission process. Abhi aapko call nahi aata but isliye aaye kyonki
institute se do hi do learn nashta wapis ho Gaya hai. Matlab admission
sunke close kar diya tha institute Mein do institute ka refund ho Gaya
hai do learn us ka basically.

[Customer 24:12]
Kaise rehta hai jaise abhi AAP logon ne start karte hai next kab
probably kab hoga next batch.

[Sales Agent 24:18]
Is depend upon the institute side may be 6 months, 8 months may be
next year only because those facilities are

[Sales Agent 24:24]
Monday se Saturday padhaate hai offline

[Sales Agent 24:28]
15 security aise Sanjay padhaate hai do basis Ek ISS program ke liye
Ek PMO program ke liye. CMO is for the Chief marketing officer. Matlab

[Sales Agent 24:40]
Jo Matlab jinko minimum 5 years ka experience hai marketing premium
unke liye to unke paas apna time nahi hota hai Ki wo har mahine
batches ka hai

[Sales Agent 24:50]
toh institute K side se aata hai jaise last match hamara pichhale saal
starting Mein hi aaya tha AB kuchh surety nahi hai Ki kitane time bad
aayega.

[Sales Agent 24:59]
But if you are genuinely interested

[Sales Agent 25:02]
so I dont suggest your P opportunity. Miss karne kyonki next time ka
main aapko surety Mein bhi de paaunga Ki next kab aayega aapka jaisa
29th of Feb se hai aur vaise kaafi londa se application fill bhi
already kar diya hai. So I have not giving you the word key Agar AAP
Ek ya do din ka time lenge to. I will assign you a seat basically for
the admission process.

[Customer 25:25]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 25:27]
So any doubts you know from your side in the program kuchh bhi aapka
puchhana ho placement se related ya kuchh bhi aapko.

[Customer 25:35]
Nahi usako kuchh nahi hai.

[Sales Agent 25:39]
Aapne.

[Customer 25:40]
Placement for the authority hai na.

[Sales Agent 25:43]
Dispatcher yes dekhiye Maine aapko pahle hi bataya Ki hum aapko aisa
nahi bataya interview Mein bitha denge pahle main aapko poora prepare
karte hai

[Sales Agent 25:54]
woh hum aapko dikhaate hai Main aapko list bhi bhej dunga jinke saath
hamaare tie up ka companies +3100 plus you will see they are all the
top companies only.

[Customer 26:04]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 26:06]
I suggest at least you should fill a application first second decision
secondary thing Application is free of cost and hardly takes 2 minutes
of yours. Our website for driving Apply or pay. Click karenge to aapka
basic details Hoga toh aisa rahega Ki institute se aapka application
rahega jaise dusri iski abhi hai toh Agar AAP mere pass do din baad
Jake karenge or aapke application bhi fill nahi hoga auto ka pahle
application fill hoga toh main aapko help nahi deta Hoon seed assign
karne Mein.

[Customer 26:35]
Thik hai maam woh bhi kar dungi.

[Sales Agent 26:38]
Who aapka dijiye toh second part of discussion to clarify all your
doubts Like abhi toh main aapko Sara WhatsApp pay details bhej deta
Hoon AAP Ek baar khud se dekh lijiye and like who is the financial
thing Matlab aapka finance phone dekha aapki consider karenge aapne
family se consider karenge family.

[Customer 26:55]
Se consider.

[Sales Agent 26:57]
Karenge theek hai main abhi aapko policy aapka WhatsApp number hai

[Sales Agent 27:01]
main aapko saare details aapke WhatsApp pay bhej deta Hoon AAP go
through kar lijiye in case aapka koi doubt rehta hai toh AAP mere
WhatsApp pay message kar sakte hai. Secondly, main kab Tak aapke
yahaan se site se revert Expect kar sakta Hoon for the confirmation or
for the clarifying your doubts.

[Customer 27:19]
Shaam ka yahaan pe kahaan Tak.

[Sales Agent 27:21]
Shaam Tak main aapko saat baje call karun.

[Customer 27:26]
Thik.

[Sales Agent 27:27]
Hai jab Tak AAP I suggest application fill kar dijiye then we will
have a word on 7:00 PM. Theek hai toh jaisa bhi aapka decision rehta
hai ya aapko koi doubt rehta hai. Agar aapke family ko bhi koi doubt
rehta hai toh AAP meri baat Kara sakte hai aur unaka clarify kar dunga
doubt aur Agar aapko aur koi details chahiye to AAP mere ko bata sakte
hai. I will give this call to the program manager to woh aapka all
detail Mein Sankardinge Agar aapko kuchh bhi aur cheese ka need pade
theek hai

[Sales Agent 27:54]
yeah.

[Customer 27:55]
Okay, thank you. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 27:57]
Thank you for your time. Thank you.
