[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello. Hello.

[Customer 00:04]
Han Sir Chal Ji Bolie.

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Yes so pratyusha Kal Maine aapko call kar raha tha hamari chhoti bhi
discussion Hui thi to abhi AAP available hai

[Sales Agent 00:14]
definitely you see mujhe aapki thodi profile Mein check kar lijiye for
the program to AAP mujhe thoda bata sakte hai na Ek. What do you do?
What is your experience and all?

[Customer 00:22]
Abhi toh personal I am working in bank.

[Sales Agent 00:25]
Alright at.

[Customer 00:26]
This whole bank but abhi thoda sa matlab mujhe role change karne ke
baare Mein soch raha Hun. So I am trying to get into digital marketing
or business unless of.

[Sales Agent 00:37]
So.

[Customer 00:38]
Isilie Mein woh dekh raha tha

[Customer 00:41]
just overlook karaya tha Ki kya kya

[Customer 00:45]
kyonki abhi Jo filhal jile Mein physical marketing sales Mein Hoon
achchha.

[Sales Agent 00:49]
So bank and the physical marketing sales domain ke andar. Banking ke
andar.

[Customer 00:55]
Mein Jo banking product hota hai na web product

[Customer 01:00]
ye SAB makeup.

[Sales Agent 01:02]
Karte Hain theek hai.

[Customer 01:05]
So

[Customer 01:06]
kahana kahi Mein usko Agar relate karna chahun to digital marketing.
Ye SAB Mein bhi aur kuchh sales

[Customer 01:15]
Mein bhi hum log vahi emails to bhejate Hain WhatsApp bheja bhejate
Hain social.

[Sales Agent 01:21]
Singh may I told digital marketing is going to suit you. Obviously AAP
kitane time se is Vale job profile karna kaam karo.

[Customer 01:30]
Matlab, almost 8 years. Ho Gaya.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
Almost 8 years theek hai. So one more thing can I know about your
education qualification Sir Kiya aapne kahaan se padhai kariye.

[Customer 01:39]
MSK Computer Science.

[Sales Agent 01:41]
Course Bhej Dijiye

[Sales Agent 01:43]
so see what I am understanding here is aapko aisa course ye which can
help you to land an opportunity into digital marketing. Basically you
know so believe me,

[Sales Agent 01:53]
you can go through any of the programs that any organization, any
institute is providing. This is the best that you can have by kyonki
Agar aapko apne learners ke baare Mein bataaoge. We are having vice
president directors of the company enrolled in the very same program.
How can I prove this? I can share the profile.

[Customer 02:09]
As well.

[Sales Agent 02:10]
Thik hai now Ek advance level course hai digital marketing hai number
okay AAP already sales and marketing Mein Aath saal se ho toh Jo
basics hai Jo core hai that you are aware of right? But again, digital
marketing Mein it is about tools and smartphones you have digitally
woh toh marketing a concept aapko clear aapko market Ki understanding
hai kyonki aapne sales kariye. But digital marketing Mein even though
those are related but tools and platforms is the main thing here.
Correct

[Sales Agent 02:38]
to wo cheese basic se leke driver Tak aapko yahaan pe sikhane Vale
plus Asia ka number one institute mica unke dwara ye digital marketing
ghost kiya JA raha hai. Okay AAP Google kar sakte ho Mai ka number one
marketing institution hai. Okay now one more thing. AAP jaise abhi
switch karna chahte ho domain Mein toh aapne obviously soch hoga Ki
see abhi AAP chhah se monetary heights jyaada chase kar rahe ho AAP ye
aapko provisional growth chahiye monitoring.

[Customer 03:07]
Planning hai abhi

[Customer 03:11]
job opportunities jyada Mein kuchh self employed ke baare Mein soch
raha.

[Sales Agent 03:15]
Hun self.

[Customer 03:16]
Employed, I have seen many companies, startup companies which they are
into digital marketing. They just have completed that the MBA and
digital marketing course and they have landed started a company.

[Sales Agent 03:28]
Right. Like an marketing agency, Vagairah. Correct. Correct.

[Customer 03:31]
Yeah, okay,

[Customer 03:33]
theek hai. So

[Customer 03:37]
I am already in a job.

[Sales Agent 03:40]
I know.

[Customer 03:41]
How to work

[Customer 03:43]
grow in my job but I just want to explore another opportunity.

[Customer 03:49]
I want to change the job so I should have one more qualification where
I can get into.

[Sales Agent 03:56]
Definitely see digital marketing is a kind of field that see whatever
digital marketing you are going to do for your organization,

[Sales Agent 04:02]
obviously it will be the very same digital marketing you are going to
do for rest of the organization as well. No, for an example, you are
at a senior manager provision in a company, you are hiring the digital
marketing for a sector correct of whatever responsibilities you are
having there vahi to responsibilities you are going to have for your
business as well Kyonki vahi cheese vahi SEO vahi SCM vahi ad
vagairah. So it is going to be the very same. So for that only

[Sales Agent 04:28]
in T plus tourism platforms we have covered Agar aapko freelancing
karni hai. You need to have a credible background with you Ki Han
aapne Ek achchhi jagah se padhai kare taki. Whatever project can you
have to aapko credible samajh ke chhah project denge Ki you are having
that wallet Agar main aapko paisa de rahe. You can provide them with
the return Sir. Sir, we have covered that as Sir.

[Customer 04:46]
You know.

[Sales Agent 04:47]
To vahi cheese hai plus only and only practical knowledge we are
giving. So again, if you are planning to you know, go

[Sales Agent 04:56]
AAP khud kahi business karna chahte ho toh, you have to have the
practical knowledge kyonki kar karke sikhana padega. You have to get
your hand dirty on it.

[Sales Agent 05:04]
Hello, theory Mein digital marketing oven Kal Secondly with you for
case studies, life projects. You are teaching you the digital
marketing here now, even though you are more inclined towards the
knowledge part, but yes, we are going to provide you the career
assistance as well. Taki, you are you know you are having the best of
2 wheelchair knowledge. Obviously you are getting how I will tell you
in a bit. Plus your career assistance, hai, that is going to help you
or help you to land the job if you want one, okay.

[Customer 05:35]
Cancel

[Customer 05:37]
Kaisa rehta Hai is music profile pay.

[Sales Agent 05:39]
Theek hai, definitely to.

[Customer 05:40]
Voucher kijiye I am asking no.

[Sales Agent 05:42]
No definitely, I totally understand that. So you might have seen on
the brake, we are having 2 tracks in the certification right? A K
executive level track, a K manager level track. If you want the entry
level job Jo pay kill hamare loanners ko Mila. I can only tell you the
average number here right Barah hazar learners there unme Jo precript
hai Jo entry level jobs ke saath Gaye

[Sales Agent 06:02]
unka Jo average package hai that is 6,00,000 to 8,00,000 of a package
average. However your

[Sales Agent 06:09]
I am pretty much sure you are going to go for a managerial position.
Kyonki Aath saal ka experience hai. So what they people have gotten,
they people have got a somewhat double 14,00,000 to 17,00,000 of a
package. However a lot

[Sales Agent 06:21]
of it depends on your current PTC as well. Hai na kyonki yahi main
cheese hai toh usi batane ko main aapko bata sakta Hoon Ki yaar
Learner have got a 99 LPA because they have actually gotten it.

[Sales Agent 06:31]
Coffee Sir learners hai jinka ninja bhi lakh ka package laga hai
because they are you know as a director level position, VP level
position. So that is possible but I will not give you a false hope
here. What you can expect? Proof.

[Sales Agent 06:45]
What you can expect? I will just tell you what is the current package.
By the way, what is the package you are currently working at

[Sales Agent 06:52]
12.5 / 5000. So I will just tell you the percentage here so that it
can be more realistic, correct? Aapki Khud, you can do your own
mathematics and you can find out what is the package can you expect.
So in the managerial level track,

[Sales Agent 07:06]
44% of the average salary height that a people get other known as are
getting. So over your current package, 44% of the base is the average
that you could expect when you are going with the program and you are
going for the jobs as well, right? So do you believe 44% or 40% salary
hike is feasible for you? Is, you know, complementing your needs?

[Sales Agent 07:30]
Theek hai.

[Customer 07:31]
So I just I was just checking for out of curiosity so its not nothing
else. I desperately need a job after.

[Sales Agent 07:38]
Getting the job and aapke liye priority bhi it is to you know, go and
start a business. Obviously you are going for a knowledge party as
well. I know that theek hai. So one more thing, one more thing.

[Customer 07:53]
Will it be offline or online?

[Sales Agent 07:55]
Or house. So obviously

[Sales Agent 07:58]
it is going to be 100% online classes. You as a working profession,
you know, cannot just simply go and attend the offline lecture, right?

[Sales Agent 08:05]
So what makeup does on Saturdays or Sundays, you are going to have a
live and interactive session, correct? You are going to interact with
the micro faculty. They are having 20 years of experience. They have a
rich background into marketing. Plus because we are having, you know,
business owners as well, they as well do not want our career
assistance. They just want as a knowledge part to implement that into
their business. So just to, you know, give you that business sense
into marketing, we have provided you with the industry expert. They
are CMO of raise the pay and search market head at Google. So they are
more, you know, going to teach you about the strategies

[Sales Agent 08:39]
like D for the platforms and tools. My ka K faculty ne aapko padha di
hai na but obviously vahan pe kuchh strategies aisi hongi Ki kuchh
tool ko dotin tarike se AAP use kar sakte ho na to how to use that for
the best outcome into a business sense. That is the industrial expert
going to take you and some experiences and all as well to yet a liver
interactive on Saturdays or Sundays again, aapko slot milte whenever
you are available on these 2 days, you can go for the classes
according to your availability

[Sales Agent 09:09]
2 days.

[Customer 09:09]
Or only on Sundays of either Saturday or Saturday or Sunday.

[Sales Agent 09:13]
It is Saturday, OR.

[Customer 09:15]
20% first and 3rd Saturday.

[Sales Agent 09:17]
We work right so for that only major your classes are going to be the
fenders only because of this coffee saree people Saturday bahut logon
ko come off hota hai to isliye majorly Sundays hota hai but but Agar
sirf Sunday classes die to that is not you know good only or ROI. So
from Monday to Friday we are giving you the recorded lecture as well.

[Sales Agent 09:37]
Paintis se paintalis minute 35 to 45 minutes ka recorded lecture bhi
hoga. You can go through them at any point of time. One more thing
here. 3rd thing is on a daily basis you are going to have a doubt
revolution session. So for an example aapne Jo bhi recorded Mein pada
AAP wait chhodna karoge Ki Saturday jab light laugh aayegi tab Mein
doubt poocho thoda. On a daily basis doubt resolution session are
there. If you are having any sort of doubt, you can join that class.
You can clear the doubt. If not without revolution session, you can
just skip that

[Sales Agent 10:07]
totally at your end, correct? Yes. So any other question or should I
tell you about the specialization? Because that is a very crucial part
that should know

[Sales Agent 10:17]
alright, correct. So how the structures goes in this program? First of
all, the digital marketing you are going to learn from basic advance
SEO se ango kala Facebook get everything right. After that you are
going to be a specialised person into few sub domains. Now what are
the sub domains? Number one is social media and content marketing.
Okay, now

[Sales Agent 10:36]
it is as well going to help you in terms of opening more doors of
opportunities for you into corporate. Plus, if you want to be a
freelancer, if you want to start an agency and all, you should be
having some knowledge about social media, right? That is one of the
biggest channel for digital marketing, most booming platform, right?
So how to market that content, how to manage the community that you
form when you market that content, all of that is covered into it.
Facebook, Insta Core or LinkedIn

[Sales Agent 11:05]
we are covering more than 7 tour SE correct? So that is covered into
it. Number 2 is branding and communications. Alright. So again we are
knowing the Apple. When you think of Apple, we think of you know
MacBook iPhones and half it is Apple and what not. But when I
mentioned Vijay Shields to my learners, they are just blank here. But
we know that Vijaya sales is one of the biggest 3rd party vendor for
Apple right? But the branding is weak of Vijay shares. So in this if
you are planning to start a business,

[Sales Agent 11:35]
you do not need a company, you need a brand to scale it right to you
know to make it pan India or more international market as well. So
again, the fundamentals of branding, the engagement strategy is right
how to engage people and they can think of a company as a brand
because that would be giving you more sales at the end and the
international market and all all of that is covered. Number 3 is
marketing communications. I am not sure if I should recommend you this
one or not because that is somewhere that I you know, basic level
because in this public relation and communication Sir is covered with
help of case studies.

[Sales Agent 12:10]
So it is totally your call whether to go for this one or not. Okay,
number 4, marketing analytics. Now this is the 1I would highly
recommend,

[Sales Agent 12:20]
correct? Because see again, if you want a greater hike in your salary
or a greater positional growth, you can surely go for difficult
marketing rules, correct? And even if you are in a business, you have
to make sure whatever digital marketing you are doing, it is going to
be profitable enough.

[Sales Agent 12:39]
But we as a digital marketing cannot simply do that. Na kyonki hamesha
digital marketing aati we dont know the analysis or not. So in this,
the predictive analytics, the data integration, collection analysis,
all of that is covered. Example se Batane do for example, when you at
a great level like director, vice president or female manager
position, you are going to be responsible for the revenue as well. No
revenue of the company. Company is going to give you a certain amount
of money, capital you are going to invest back into you know social
media channels or digital marketing channels.

[Sales Agent 13:11]
How to make sure whatever you are investing that is profitable and how
to come to that output. Ki Agar main itana AAP aisa laga raha Hoon. So
that is the amount which I can surely get to your predictive
analytics, your data analysis. Sir, you can ask 50 plus if you have

[Sales Agent 13:27]
a website. Agar Ek chhota sa example dena hai. Digital marketing Mein
Jo hota hai. Agar do flight hai. Ek aapki site hai meri site hai Okay
vahan pay aapka Jo product hai. Mujhe card Mein enter karna hai aur
mere Wali site pe bhi card Mein enter karna hai. Agar

[Sales Agent 13:40]
Jo aaya hai pratishthanon se product Lena hai. Agar aapki site ne
jyada time laga diya wo kaat Mein add karne ke liye samay kehte Hain.
Click to open vishva aisa kuch kahate Hain na Agar jyaada time lag
Gaya hai. Mere site Mein Kam time lag raha hai. Hamara attention span
itna Kam hai Ki woh meri site se samaj leke chala jaaega ya service
leke chala jayega usko ferk nahi padega correct? So all of these sort
of things.

[Customer 14:02]
Matlab hai woh kahaan se kharid raha hai

[Customer 14:05]
jab hum log 3rd party product bechte Hain

[Customer 14:09]
matter karta hai Sir.

[Sales Agent 14:11]
Correct So vaisa hi cheese hoti hai marketing analytics Mein people
matlab log confuse ho jaate hai Ki isamen aapko business analytics
padhaaya JA raha hai but nahi who SQL or coding vagairah iske andar
nahi hai iske andar marketing analytics hai Ki Jo bhi analytics aapko
aani chahiye marketing ko successful karne ke liye wo saare cheeses
Mein covered hai

[Sales Agent 14:28]
ye Jo website ka example tha. That is the very you know lame. An
example for just you know taki main apna point clear karta Hoon. I
hope you have understood that. Hello, okay Sir,

[Sales Agent 14:38]
last but not the least, we are having number 5th specialization
generative here. So are you aware of generative way by the way
artificial intelligence and all?

[Sales Agent 14:49]
Absolutely yes, correct. So charge deputy mode we are using that is
of, you know very generic level artificial intelligence reason put in
the you know, input input

[Sales Agent 15:00]
correct. So because it is the.

[Customer 15:01]
Most common word people are using now? Chat

[Customer 15:07]
and death. Also they will say ChatGPT.

[Sales Agent 15:10]
Then ChatGPT is what do you know only a I present out there balki Jo
we are using that is the free module that we are using right to woh
toh sirf chalo bachchon ko.

[Customer 15:21]
I can understand that even this is not about that they will
understand.

[Sales Agent 15:26]
They are not knowing about the chargeability. Yes, yes, I know about
that. Yes, correct.

[Sales Agent 15:30]
Chalo theek hai even.

[Customer 15:31]
They dont know they will say yes, yes I am. I have heard about that
which I know about.

[Sales Agent 15:37]
Chalo theek hai Jo bhi hai char gpt chalo I will just say ChatGPT na
ho toh ChatGPT Delhi open aayi right ye saare tours and classes more
than 12 platforms. How can I help you? So lets assume you are a
business owner. Now you are doing digital marketing and obviously
digital marketing kar rahe ho you can do on Google okay, but ocean
media channel you just cannot, you know skip it. Kyonki vahin se major
channel aayega aapka

[Sales Agent 15:58]
so for that do option karenge aapke paas. Either you can you know hire
someone to make the content for you takiya board ko market kar pao
hello. Otherwise you have to make the content obviously of your good
or of your service ya to AAP khud banao or fear AAP usako market karo
both of them is not cheasable for you. Why making content comes to
your imagination. What is obscure ho gayi AAP simply nahi Sikh sakte
ho koi Intel banana ye kaafi evident hai. Plus Agar AAP bahar se
service Leto Ki chalo Maine 3rd party vendor le liya wo mere product
ke liye content bana dega taki main usko kar paaunga toh pehli baat to
unhen nahi Pata aapka audience base kya hai. Jo unko kaisa content
pasand aane wala hai.

[Sales Agent 16:38]
Secondly woh Jo bhi content bana rahe hai. Agar unko ye cheese Pata
bhi hai woh bahut jyada fees aapse charge karne Wale because they are
also nahi Ki. It is into demand. So aapka major chunk of money
investment vahan par bhi jayega donon hi sustainable nahi hai. So what
you can do with use of artificial intelligence? You can make 4 types
of content here. Chartive K content hote hai. You can make that
conference text based yani aapki Jo website vagairah hai. Blogs
vagairah AAP likh sakte ho Foreign service information de sakte ho
number 2 image base Agar AAP LinkedIn per kar rahe ho Quora pay kar
rahe ho. You can post that photo RT

[Sales Agent 17:13]
P and intelligence surely knows whatever your you know audience basis
kaisa kya Ki usako content banane which can be more you know

[Sales Agent 17:19]
fruitful for them which can be more reachable to them. So image base
bhi ho Gaya video based Agar aapko reel banana hai. It is very evident
Agar AAP photo daal rahe hai aur Ek reel daal rahe ho reel Ki jyaada
rich hogi halat kyonki saath sabka attention spam Kam ho Chuka hai
September pandrah second Ki video dekhiye product claim lenge toh reel
bhi bana sakte hai YouTube video Mein Agar hum kuchh dalna animated
vaale Jo aapne dekhi hogi hai na that is also possible number 4 audio
base. So this is a new type of content that you could make from
artificial intelligence. This khandan AAP jaise website hai so you can
you know make the person

[Sales Agent 17:50]
guide through your website with use of this audio based content
number. Hello

[Sales Agent 17:56]
content you can create manipulate again to data analysis Maine khata
marketing analytics Mein you can use a I and AAP in se a I se bhi
karva sakte ho how to do do that you are going to learn that as well.
Slash board chatbot creation, everything is covered into it.

[Sales Agent 18:11]
So these are the, these are the 5 specialization card we are having.

[Customer 18:17]
So I have gone to the brochure also. There are some dual dual
specialization also we can do right?

[Sales Agent 18:25]
Dual special assistant.

[Customer 18:27]
Like couple like you have one it will cover entire plus a thing which
will be send along with one special.

[Sales Agent 18:34]
Edition, right? So similarly, how it goes,

[Sales Agent 18:39]
how it goes, these are the 5 specialization.

[Customer 18:42]
I can go for 12 or 3 or multiple right?

[Sales Agent 18:46]
Theek hai you can go for any of them, you can go for all of them as
well. Digital marketing ka Jo core program hai that obviously you have
to do because woh toh main hi hai uske upper because Ek digital
marketing AA Gaya to again jaruri nahi hai. Data analysis bhi AA gayi
toh chahiye.

[Sales Agent 19:00]
So for that top up Mein JA sakta Hoon content banana shekhar hai baaki
analysis karne chart GPT Vale Mein lagta hai aur generative value
sakte ho. So you can go for any of them or all of them Jo bhi whatever
your pocket allows. Kyonki jitni jyada specialization lete ho. I will
be honest with you. Utana jyada programme ka fees padta hai.

[Customer 19:17]
To normal standard se kitna hai.

[Sales Agent 19:18]
Sir theek hai so the normal base program is the core with one
specialization any of them to wo jaata hai Ek lakh terah hazaar rupay
1,00,013. I will explain you the you know benchandan Ki hoyega kaise
payment ye SAB pe AAP applicable hoga farak nahi karta aapne Ek
specialization diya hai teen liya paanch liya. This is going to be the
same. So you have to fill up an application form right? It can it get
sended to my card. They review it, they shortlisted you, get your
offer letter over your email.

[Sales Agent 19:46]
As soon as you get it, you have to pay ₹15,000 Pandrah hazaar rupaya
aapko pay karne hote hai. In terms of blocking the seat,

[Sales Agent 19:53]
you have paid that. Now you are a confirmed member, you are good to go
for the batch. How to do this Pandrah hazaar of a payment? We can
guide you for short. AB Jo baki ka amount tha yani Ek lakh terah Mein
se pandrah hazar aapne pay kar diye AB baki ka maut. Either you can
pay in one shot or if you want an EMI, we at Upgrade are having our
own NABFC partner and they can you know process your loan. They will
ask for some document of yours now mahine Tak Ki no cost EMI di hai.
Teen saal Tak Ki standard EMI bhi hai.

[Sales Agent 20:21]
Whatever she is more suitable to you, you can go for that. Lekin AAP
pandrah hazaar remains the same locking state amount or application
form

[Sales Agent 20:30]
Yes. So any any other.

[Customer 20:32]
Questions as of now Sir. First I have to fill up the application and
send it to my person so they are going to shortlist. After that only I
have to decide to what will be the specialization, not how many
specialization everything.

[Sales Agent 20:45]
Will be.

[Customer 20:46]
Decided that time or in the application itself I have to fill in the
same.

[Sales Agent 20:50]
I would like to correct you in a in one thing your application form
you are filling now then only you have to mention how many
specialization you are going to go for.

[Sales Agent 20:58]
And so in the application form itself it will ask you how many
specialization. You only have to type in the number. Even if you have
not selected key marketing analytics through your communication rule,
you would just have to type in the number and baad Mein aapka who
process ho jaata hai, correct. But Jo AAP jaise hi aapne application
form bhara hai. That is woh na automation basis what currently reject
kiya approve ho jaata hai

[Sales Agent 21:25]
immediately immediately right to know or aapka who unlock bhi ho jaata
hai offer letter bhi immediately roll out hota hai aapke email pay

[Sales Agent 21:31]
aapka payment option a jaata hai again then we can guide you. Udhar
aapko payment karna hota hai pandrah hazaar type in karke and we
process it from here.

[Sales Agent 21:42]
Jaise hamara Gaya ka portal hai right usmein aapne AAP is saal Mein
programme pay Gaye apply na Kara application form bhara process hota
hai aur approve ho Gaya mall lo theek hai approve hote hai AB aapke
aata hai block the seat ka option

[Sales Agent 21:54]
AB AAP log the sheet pay Jake pay now or if letter pay click karke ya
to AAP khud bhi pandrah hazaar rupay manually type karke kar sakte ho
aur if you want mere ko jhanjhat nahi chahiye Maine application maam
bhar diya We from here finance team can send you a payment link either
hum apna NEFT de sakte Hain ya to hum aapko UPI ka link bhi de sakte
Hain aapko credit card karna hai toh. We are having a penalty online.
I can do you can definitely do that if you are if you are okay to do
it, you can do it. Most of our earners need our assistance so we can
just, you know, schedule a call or want to guide Karte Hai and they
can pay in.

[Sales Agent 22:30]
So whatever Flipkart suitable.

[Customer 22:32]
Like more of like with risk of if they are.

[Sales Agent 22:36]
Not willing to.

[Customer 22:37]
Anything to because normally I dont prefer.

[Sales Agent 22:40]
To make a payment by link if it is available.

[Customer 22:43]
On the first.

[Sales Agent 22:45]
We do one more thing as.

[Customer 22:46]
Well, I work in bank also. I know about how these things are,
absolutely.

[Sales Agent 22:51]
Ye link AA Gaya.

[Customer 22:52]
Isme karo wo.

[Sales Agent 22:56]
Aapko

[Sales Agent 22:57]
nahi aapko poora receipt bhi milata hai chalo theek hai wo usako but
at the end you are going to make the payment on website only. For an
example aapko khud se UPI karta hai theek hai aapko link nahi chahiye
toh AAP kaha JA ke UPI pe click kar sakte ho Aapko kahaan pay amount
dalna hai on the upgrade website aapko login karta hai haan why that
we can guide you hai na wo saare cheese available hai kafi saree
cheese. For an example zaruri nahi hai Agar koi director lage position
pe hai unko atma yuva ya use karna hoga. So they want our

[Sales Agent 23:25]
hello guidance Ki chalo theek hai. You can just send me the link and I
will just pay paanch minute ka time rehta hai from raise the pay they
can pay it to woh bhi ho jaata hai. So whatever you feels like, we can
do with it for you,

[Sales Agent 23:36]
correct? Yeah. So any other question?

[Customer 23:39]
Sir.

[Sales Agent 23:41]
With how many specialization how how many are you in client?

[Customer 23:46]
Work.

[Sales Agent 23:46]
So it is going to be 41 weeks.

[Customer 23:49]
41 weeks like.

[Sales Agent 23:53]
Around 9 months around 9 months yes plus Jo total duration and that is
also you know going to increase with the aapka teen special edition to
Ek lakh terah nahi hai. Just making sure here 1,00,047 is the now
total amount. Jawab teen ke saath JA raha hai but pandrah hazar rupay
remains free hai or baki ka aapko Pata hai. EMI no cost or standard Jo
bhi aapko pasand hai.

[Sales Agent 24:14]
So what do you believe? If you need some time today or tomorrow, we
can surely provide you with that. Or if you have done your analysis
and all, we can guide you through the process. You can go and go
enroll in the program, whatever you can make convenience.

[Customer 24:27]
We all classes are weekend classes, the weekend classes.

[Sales Agent 24:33]
Liable or weekend classes and Jo recorded hai woh toh aapka Monday se
Friday hai aur Jo aapka doubt revolution session hai woh bhi aapka
rose hai. Haan doubt revolution session Mein aapko choice hai karna ya
nahi karna varna baki SAB Mein aapko attendance maintain karna padta
hai 70%.

[Customer 24:49]
Only.

[Sales Agent 24:52]
One more thing I would like to mention here, whatever you are going to
learn into the life into the recorded iska Jo bhi material ya study
material, you are going to have access with you for the next 3 years.
Agale teen saal Tak you can go through them zaruri nahi hai Jo bhi
pada hai, aapko yaad rahane vala hai. You will have the access on the
platform.

[Sales Agent 25:10]
You can go and refer to any of the recordings you want to go for.

[Customer 25:14]
Okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 25:15]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 25:19]
Any other question?

[Customer 25:21]
I got all the tests also Sir.

[Customer 25:24]
Let me just

[Customer 25:26]
go through the details again.

[Sales Agent 25:28]
And I will try to get some.

[Customer 25:30]
Record suggestions also because I have 2 friends working in the same
field so let me also get some suggestion. Ki kaunsa kaunsa
specialization Lena hai.

[Sales Agent 25:40]
Definitely may be by today I will, I will haan haan haan Bilkul,
Bilkul, Bilkul not an issue. So one more thing I could do you do

[Sales Agent 25:47]
for you to you know, make it more convenient and so that you can as
well make a sound decision. I will share you few things one day you
want to start a business. But again, Agar AAP opportunity chahiye to
the career outcomes I will send you and you are starting a business.
So you should know the whoever our past learners. So lending profile I
can send out to you and yeah, brochure and all I will just send it to
you. You can go through them any sort of doubt queries. That is my
personal number. Right on the what Sir, you can either message me
there or the OR you can call me or I can just directly give you a call
on Monday.

[Sales Agent 26:16]
We can see whatever it is. Sure, sure. Alright, thanks. Thanks for the
Lena spoken.

[Customer 26:22]
To you, yeah.

[Sales Agent 26:24]
On on Monday.

[Customer 26:26]
No, today. Today.

[Sales Agent 26:28]
Yes, today, today, today I am working, Yes, yeah.

[Customer 26:35]
You.

[Sales Agent 26:36]
Can either call me today, tomorrow day after tomorrow. We we in the
sales management are working everyday.

[Customer 26:44]
No, no, at least.

[Sales Agent 26:52]
Right, right, that is the case. Chalo theek hai whatever thing is
spoken to you, Sir.

[Customer 26:55]
Let me know.

[Customer 26:56]
No, no, no.

[Sales Agent 26:58]
I am I am working in upgrade only in Gurgaon.

[Customer 27:01]
Okay, Gurgaon.

[Sales Agent 27:02]
That option is Gurgaon. Yeah, it is correct. Alright,

[Sales Agent 27:06]
thank you. Thank you.

[Customer 27:07]
Sir, Okay, okay.
