[Speaker 1 00:00]
Hello. Yes. Am I having a word with Ayush?

[Speaker 1 00:05]
Yeah. Hi, Ayush. Good evening.

[Speaker 2 00:08]
Yeah. Good evening.

[Speaker 1 00:09]
Yeah, my name is Dakshika Ayush and I am contacting you from Novator
wherein you had enquired for a BIM certification recently. Okay, so
for the purpose of this call Ayush, I would like to tell you that I am
an admissions head here and I was scrolling through certain profiles
today. Out of which one is yours? We are planning on starting our 10th
cohort from the month of July this year

[Speaker 1 00:35]
and I really wanted to have a one to one interaction with you
regarding like since the date you made an enquiry, what are you
planning and are you looking up for a BIM certification right now?

[Speaker 2 00:49]
See actually I currently I am working and I do require a done
certificate but I have I have already learnt few of the softwares like
rapid Lumia 3 software. I have been trained in my college

[Speaker 2 01:08]
and

[Speaker 2 01:09]
Sir, actually on your website I saw that you have chopped basements
also, right?

[Speaker 1 01:16]
After your.

[Speaker 2 01:17]
Certification

[Speaker 2 01:20]
I I dont know I dont remember who had I heard whom I had spoken to
last night, but he told me that your placement and then he told me
about you know

[Speaker 2 01:32]
what are the packages. My major concern is for the job only.

[Speaker 2 01:37]
OK.

[Speaker 2 01:39]
That is my major concern and I think he had told me your fees or
somewhere around 1.7.

[Speaker 1 01:46]
1.7 I am not getting can you please repeat yourself?

[Speaker 2 01:51]
The fees The fees for.

[Speaker 1 01:52]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it is. Yeah. 1.75 Please continue.

[Speaker 2 01:58]
And last time they told me that there was some birthday thought early
ticket something which was you I would be getting some discount I dont
remember exactly. So yeah that is. And he also told me about some EMI
options as well. See my major concern is for getting jobs

[Speaker 2 02:17]
now do you have any you know the thing where your placements are
proper and you know you have good placements in and around the
location may be in Mumbai or nearby cities. My major concern is there
because when I had asked them last time he told me they

[Speaker 2 02:38]
majorly they have in abroad where it is in Kuwait, majorly Kuwait,
Dubai and all like countries and then very few options in Mumbai.

[Speaker 2 02:49]
So that is what he told me. Now my major concern for learning this
person of course to learn software but also after that a good job
placement which I will be looking for.

[Speaker 1 03:02]
So now I have certain questions in relation to your expectations,
Ayush. Okay, so when you talk of that, you are looking for good
placement. So could you define me like what are your expectations

[Speaker 1 03:17]
in relation to that?

[Speaker 2 03:20]
See I am looking for job somewhere in Mumbai because I am not very
much keen on leaving Mumbai currently. Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, anywhere
fine one. Secondly, currently

[Speaker 2 03:34]
my payment is around what I get paid is around somewhere around 7 to
7.5 lakhs per annum, right? So I am expecting a higher if I am doing
this course. Of course I will be spending money. So I need some
returns which will be guaranteed more than that

[Speaker 2 03:53]
because last time when I had spoken to that some person and some
person he told me our packages start from around 3.54.

[Speaker 1 04:04]
You are totally getting it wrong. But please continue. Yeah, yeah, I
will correct you on everything. Please carry on.

[Speaker 2 04:10]
So this is my major concern is related to the job propeller.

[Speaker 1 04:15]
So now let me help you in understanding who or what Novator is, OK?

[Speaker 1 04:22]
So we are an organization who dont have a perspective of you know
seeing our prospective learners that we are bringing in certification.
You are going to get a certification then we are going to get your
job. That is not our perspective Ayush OK, we here in really want to
work on your portfolios at the end. You guys are an architect right?
Your portfolio is something that really stands out.

[Speaker 1 04:51]
So we want to work on that and thats the reason we have incorporated a
life capstone project for that. I will be talking about that later in
the conversation. So when you talk about placements, we have you know
good amount of hiring partners in India itself. So when you say that,
you will you know looking up for something that is specifically in
Mumbai or nearby to Mumbai. So there are Mncs that are operating from
Pune.

[Speaker 1 05:18]
Okay, Hello, there is a lot of disturbance from your back.

[Speaker 1 05:23]
Hello.

[Speaker 1 05:27]
Yeah, Ayush.

[Speaker 2 05:30]
Just a minute.

[Speaker 1 05:31]
For sure.

[Speaker 2 05:34]
Is it clear now?

[Speaker 1 05:35]
Yeah, perfect. So I am sure by now you must have heard of dark group
texture BIM engineer. So these are Mncs that have like their
headquarters or head offices are in Middle East but they have expanded
themselves to India as well. Okay. So yes, we do have opportunities
that come in the ambit of Maharashtra.

[Speaker 1 06:01]
For Mumbai, I would say we are in talking terms with various firms as
well as Mncs. Our major goal is of course Mncs because BIM is very
much required there, right. So yeah, so thats what is happening. We
are having you know meet ups with such companies. But yeah, we are
providing placements and no, not 3.5. People easily can expect a
package of about 5 to 7 LPA even as a fresher.

[Speaker 1 06:31]
So thats the wrong number you remember. And since you you know I
really like the term, when you said that is there any return on
investment, you somewhere said in that conversation, this is a
certification you know wherein you should gear up for the ROI. So the
ROI here is that you can easily expect a salary hike of about 20 to
50%. It totally depends on the kind of interview you are giving.

[Speaker 1 07:01]
There have been people who have, you know, got more than 300% salary
height. It really depends on the kind of, you know, interview you
give. So yeah, there are various good opportunities available for you.
Ayush. Now I really want you to have a picture of when I say portfolio
building, what portfolio building is for you.

[Speaker 1 07:22]
Previous in the conversation you said that Dakshika have learned
Revit, SketchUp, Lumion, AutoCAD. So if I have to talk about SketchUp,
Lumion or AutoCAD, these are very traditional tools Right now.

[Speaker 1 07:35]
You have to create a 2D drawing at AutoCAD, then shift to SketchUp to
create a 3D model. If there is a minor error, again you have to go
back to AutoCAD which is a very tedious task being an architect right?
You guys have to deal with N number of projects at the same time. So
you dont have that bandwidth to do the modeling again and again. So
thats where in Revit came into picture and BIM. There is a
misconception in India wherein people think BIM is all about Revit.

[Speaker 1 08:04]
But Revit is a very, very small part of it. BIM is in itself a big
process, OK? It involves a lot of steps. So even after talk about
construction, construction starts from planning, right? Ayush and it
ends at execution. So in between there is documentation, There is a
lot of teammates, a lot of things to happen. So what happens is during
that steps a lot of errors happen right?

[Speaker 1 08:33]
AutoCAD or SketchUp only plays a part in the modeling process. But
what about the other steps that happened during this construction
project? So to avoid all those potential errors, a lot of time
wastage, a lot of time resources like the wastage of resources money
BIM came into picture okay. Through use of various softwares you can
help your company in the near future in saving a lot of money,

[Speaker 1 09:00]
in creating a lot of revenue, in dealing with more number of clients
because you will be saving time over a span. And thats how you become
a BIM professional. Are you getting it? And thats the reason people
get a better pay. Lets talk about maths. Agar AAP company ke liye
jyada profits earn kar rahe ho kyonki AAP unka paisa save kar rahe ho
toh company ke paas wo bandwidth hoga Ki woh aapko pay kar paayenge
right?

[Speaker 2 09:27]
Right.

[Speaker 1 09:28]
So thats how Mncs are working and thats the reason if I have to talk
about the traditional firms or where you know old reputed firms, they
are still sitting at AutoCAD, SketchUp, Lumion V Ray and Scape. But
the people who are working under them are not getting paid good. Thats
a real problem right? Even as an architect, if you are putting a lot
of efforts, the compensation never

[Speaker 1 09:55]
I would say resonate or gets proportional to what you are doing. Are
you agreeing with that, Ayush?

[Speaker 2 10:04]
Exactly, I got your point. I am very much aware about the the
software. See I will tell you the truth. I have done my MBA in
construction project management that I have spent almost 10 to
15,00,000 at my education 2 years of course, but this happened during
lockdown. I mean, I completed my post graduation in 2021,

[Speaker 2 10:28]
okay, so that time there were no much jobs available in construction.
No one was hiring, right? And unfortunately even though I am with a
good company, I am working with Kalpataru right now,

[Speaker 2 10:43]
which is one of the MNC. And but the thing here is I am not, I have
not got that job

[Speaker 2 10:51]
profile which I wanted. Like to be very honest, I have been shifted to
sales just because I wanted a job and it was locked down.

[Speaker 2 11:00]
So, you know, even though I have done my construction to, I am an
architect, I have done my construction project management and so on.
But the job profile, what I have been looking for, what is not proper
even today they are not, you know from an MBA College of construction
project management people are recruited to sales.

[Speaker 2 11:20]
That is what my basic major concern is. And my major concern relies on
the job. You know where I get such kind what you are telling me the
BIM professional such role I wanted

[Speaker 2 11:31]
and that is why, you know, I saw your portfolio, I saw your website
and that that is why I was majorly you know interested into my yes, of
course I want to learn softwares even though I know Revit lot of
softwares, Autodesk 32 softwares of Autodesk.

[Speaker 2 11:50]
But then my major focus will be purely on the job, what I will be
getting.

[Speaker 1 11:55]
So.

[Speaker 2 11:55]
That is one of my major concern.

[Speaker 1 11:58]
Other than learning to give you a rosy picture here, I wont say you
become you would become a BIM Manager or a BIM Specialist post this
certification. Since you are into sales right now, you will be
starting as a BIM Architect or a BIM Modular, which is the beginner
level in the hierarchy,

[Speaker 1 12:14]
right? I really like talking about the reality of how a EC industry is
working right now, Ayush. And as you were telling me that you are into
sales right now, so can you talk about your KRA like what are you
actually doing these days, see.

[Speaker 2 12:28]
I am, I am a channel source manager like I have to go to channel
partners who market for us and you know train them, guide them related
to our projects, get revenue, generate revenue out of that.

[Speaker 1 12:43]
Okay. And how many years of work experience do you have in sales for
now?

[Speaker 1 12:50]
2 years. OK, so you are planning on taking a Curry or transition right
now? Okay, amazing. I really appreciate it.

[Speaker 2 12:59]
Because my base itself is I am an architect and then under my
construction project management. So I mean this kind of a role even
though it is paying me more than actual technical fees, but then you
know there is no satisfaction for job what I am doing because

[Speaker 2 13:15]
I have studied something else and I am doing something else. So that
is.

[Speaker 1 13:19]
Invested 7 years of your life

[Speaker 1 13:23]
to architecture and right now you are sitting at sale for around 2
years. Its just not matching. I am getting where you are coming from
and we would really like to help you with this. Let me help you in
understanding like how the certification is going to go for you. Okay
so it is firstly for a span of about 6 months.

[Speaker 1 13:44]
For the first 4 months you will be working on various softwares that
come under BIM. So firstly its Revit of course okay. What we can do is
we can talk about you first. I dont want to talk about the
certification. By now I am sure you must have done.

[Speaker 2 13:59]
Your research I am very much well aware of the.

[Speaker 1 14:03]
Exactly.

[Speaker 2 14:03]
The course, the certification, I am really I really like the course,
that is why I am much interested into it.

[Speaker 1 14:12]
OK. So Ayush, please help me in understanding when did you complete
your BRC? Where did you do it from? What was your passing percentage?
Yeah.

[Speaker 2 14:22]
I have completed my BR in 2000,

[Speaker 2 14:26]
18, yeah

[Speaker 2 14:29]
2018 and then immediately I had done my construction project
management which was over 2021.

[Speaker 1 14:39]
OK. I can see there is a gap of around one year

[Speaker 1 14:43]
here. Were you preparing for GATE?

[Speaker 2 14:46]
No, no, no, no. I was looking for jobs, but then there were no
specific job rules available. So I planned on, you know, continuing
with the MBA that I got into RICS

[Speaker 2 15:00]
School of built Environment and then I have completed my MBA.

[Speaker 1 15:04]
Over there.

[Speaker 1 15:06]
Okay, did you Masters then amazing and what was your passing
percentage over there?

[Speaker 2 15:13]
I think somewhere between 6.5 GPS.

[Speaker 1 15:18]
Okay, okay, so can I know like why 6.5?

[Speaker 1 15:25]
Was it because of COVID?

[Speaker 2 15:29]
Yeah, my SO in that 2 years of span, it's only 9 months what we have
been

[Speaker 2 15:36]
going to college and studying in college. Rest of entire of the course
was done online right?

[Speaker 2 15:44]
And

[Speaker 2 15:45]
you know how online classes?

[Speaker 1 15:46]
Are even though it is 10,00,000 for that right

[Speaker 1 15:51]
you as you told me previously you had invested around 10,00,000 for
your masters.

[Speaker 1 15:57]
Ouch, that is really painful.

[Speaker 2 16:00]
Even though I required that some of I mean I have recovered it, that
is not a problem.

[Speaker 1 16:06]
But yeah, when you are paying that much of a money, you really deserve
to have that college experience.

[Speaker 1 16:15]
Hello.

[Speaker 1 16:17]
Yeah. Was I audible to you?

[Speaker 2 16:20]
Yeah, yeah.

[Speaker 1 16:21]
Perfect. So for now you hold around 2 years of work X right?

[Speaker 1 16:27]
And since you have not practiced

[Speaker 1 16:32]
as an architect by now, can you talk about your internships so that I
can have you know basic understanding of what your profile was
previously?

[Speaker 2 16:43]
So when I did my internship, my relevant internship was really an
architecture because that was the time when I have actually worked
because the MBA internship was just an online course and it was
nothing, absolutely nothing. I mean, I did not gain any knowledge
about it.

[Speaker 2 17:01]
It was just a namesake placement, internship placement where we just
had to prepare reports and reports, that's it. But in my architecture
internship, I did lot of things like I, I was there and helping
preparing Bo QS estimates, drawings for a garden project. I used to
work at Akar Abhinav Private Consultancy where they had the ticket. I
mean that was a civil firm where they used to take architecture

[Speaker 2 17:29]
profile this project and then they had road construction projects,
highway projects, lot of projects. But then I was majorly into
architecture projects. I had worked under architect Costup Kelkar
Karlekar and we had we were working on this project in Daman, which
was a riverfront development project. So for that I had I had prepared

[Speaker 2 17:56]
your detailed presentation before your Bo Q estimates

[Speaker 2 17:59]
your drawings, your detailed drawings.

[Speaker 1 18:03]
So you basically worked through AutoCAD at that time?

[Speaker 2 18:08]
Yeah, because the basic work was only on AutoCAD.

[Speaker 1 18:11]
Understandable.

[Speaker 1 18:15]
So this internship, you know, wherein you gained a bit of practical
understanding of how this industry is working, when for how many
months?

[Speaker 2 18:26]
I think that internship was only somewhere around 90 days. It was 90
days.

[Speaker 1 18:35]
Okay, 3 months to be precise.

[Speaker 1 18:41]
Good, good, good. Okay, so now

[Speaker 1 18:46]
I really want to ask you very painful question. Ayush, after you know
what you have told me,

[Speaker 1 18:53]
I can see that you really had a potential of really shining in the AC
industry. I will be honest because the kind of project you did is
very, very different for what everyone you know of your age are doing
like for the internship. So you really I feel had a very, you know,
good potential of doing something and right now since you are planning
for you know, restarting that journey.

[Speaker 1 19:21]
Since how long did this thought come? You are in sale for around 2
years now.

[Speaker 1 19:27]
Kab se ye thought develop Hua Ki yaar its high time I.

[Speaker 2 19:30]
Should it was long back but then what there were lot of that there is
a big background behind that you know where I have shifted out of my
house. I am married right now and you know I have to I need a
financial support so that is I cannot quit this job and because I am
searching for new job as well into construction industry. I have given
23 interviews but in the problem is of pay where they are just paying
me like 4,00,004.5 lakhs maam that

[Speaker 2 19:59]
the major problem whereas right now I am getting 7.5 + 9 7I mean you
are right now the financial status is not the problem.

[Speaker 2 20:08]
I am getting good money right now but then the whole thing comes up to
you know what I have learnt what I have done in my college life and
right now it is completely opposite, completely different. Even though
I am into construction field only, I mean related to projects only but
then it is not the same.

[Speaker 1 20:27]
Yeah, you are not working on the designing part. Agreeable. Yeah.

[Speaker 2 20:31]
Designing or maybe project manager or something like that.

[Speaker 1 20:35]
Oh, do you have an interest towards the managerial role as in a
project manager?

[Speaker 2 20:41]
Yes, yes, that is why I have done my MBN construction project
management.

[Speaker 1 20:50]
Really agree, The whole.

[Speaker 2 20:52]
Point because even during my MBA I have learned software like your.
What is that

[Speaker 2 21:01]
purchase?

[Speaker 2 21:03]
I I dont recollect that software name

[Speaker 2 21:07]
which gives you the entire study

[Speaker 2 21:10]
about the project. You know the stage wise project and this is then I
have, I have learned Revit, I have learnt your AutoCAD sections

[Speaker 2 21:22]
not 23 softwares were there candy, candy have learned. But then in
real life there is no implementation because of which also that is the
biggest town.

[Speaker 1 21:35]
Point.

[Speaker 2 21:35]
Anyway, cutting it short, I am really interested and I am looking
forward for this course. My only major concern is of the job
placement. Thats it. I have no no complaints or concerns about the
certification

[Speaker 2 21:49]
or learning BIM software. My major concern is only related to the.

[Speaker 1 21:54]
Job

[Speaker 1 21:57]
okay let me help you an understanding why you can easily expect a good
job for yourself right now. OK firstly we are an Autodesk training
partner. So since sorry Autodesk. Autodesk is the godfather of all the
softwares in the AC industry. Very very I mean

[Speaker 1 22:17]
it is a very common thing to know of you right. So when you get rain
through an Autodesk training partner, what happens is your
opportunities really widen either if its for India or its for a global
approach. OK, so this certification is a global certification. We are
just not targeting Indians right now. We you know we are fetching in
people who are from Middle East, UK, USA and many other countries as
well. The reason is because

[Speaker 1 22:46]
currently BIM in India is a bit of a newer concept than if I to talk
outside India, right? People in Middle East have been using for more
than a decade now like really using. And if you are planning on
shifting to Middle East anytime you must be knowing that women is a
very required skill out there because everything works on them for
them everything. And I can easily say that the reason Dubai,

[Speaker 1 23:16]
you know, has developed so much over a span of few years, its because
they use the right kind of, you know, software to put in the right
kind of projects they wanted themselves for. So from nothing to
wherever they are, they really understood the importance of
digitization. It is not about you know, staying just firm on I know
AutoCAD, SketchUp, I can do the work. Why do I need to learn other
software? It is about understanding that

[Speaker 1 23:45]
there are various other problems that arise at the time of
construction that needs to be resolved. And there if there are
software that can help you even before the time of construction, it is
really, you know, very viable option that you guys can remove that
potential error at the time of modeling itself,

[Speaker 1 24:06]
right. So when I say this is an international certification, we do
have placement assistance in Middle East as well, but it is
specifically for the people who are really willing to work hard. We
have, you know, helped people get placed in Middle East as well. It
just matters on the kind of, you know, firstly the capstone project
you are doing. I hope you understand that your attendance needs to be
full so that we can start with your placement

[Speaker 1 24:34]
assistance. So everything goes in a loop. So you dont need to worry
about placement or placement rate is 98%. So out of 100 people who are
coming here, 98 of them get placed. So its that simple because ayush,
lets be honest, the kind of quality we are providing with, we are sure
of what you can get. We are even you know accredited by the Government
of India. Yeah, so NSDC has accredited us saying that we are providing
quality education

[Speaker 1 25:07]
and you know, government is planning on mandating BIM in the coming
time. So it will be an essential skill that is going to be required of
all the architects. So it is always good to stay ahead in the game in
my opinion. Because when people will be learning BIM in the coming
time and you would already be knowing you will easily be able to push
up your like push yourself up for the managerial role, which is always
a win win. When you say you want to become a project manager

[Speaker 1 25:38]
with becoming a project manager requires a few years of good work
experience, good kind of exposure and yes, the pay also, you know
changes if you become a BIM manager. So if I had to talk about a basic
project manager that is working in India right now, we have a lot of
candidates who are coming with 15 years of work experience, 8 years of
work experience, 9 many different different profiles. So all of them
even sitting at managerial roles are being offered what you are
earning right now. And I am being honest.

[Speaker 1 26:11]
So some is earning 10, some is earning 8, some is earning 5I am not
even kidding. They have good years of work experience but they could
not get the growth in their salary as well. The problem is AAP the
company ko profits badhaane Mein help nahi karoge company aapko kaise
distribute kar payegi paisa

[Speaker 1 26:33]
right? Everything.

[Speaker 1 26:35]
So everything is a loophole here. Sorry, a circle here,

[Speaker 1 26:40]
right? So are you a bit, you know, like is it understandable for how
placements work so that I can explain you now like how your journey is
going to be?

[Speaker 2 26:51]
Sure.

[Speaker 1 26:52]
OK, so as I told you previously it is a 6 month certification. Okay,
So for the first 4 months, what we do is we basically focus on your
software learning. So you will be learning softwares. Firstly, it is
like there are 4 primary software of which everybody is going to work
on and since we guys are preparing you to be BIM professionals, we are
fetching in specialization for you. So if I to talk about the primary
tools, one of which is

[Speaker 1 27:22]
of course Revit and as you told me previously, you have worked on
Revit during your bachelors. So I am sure you worked on the basics of
Revit right

[Speaker 1 27:33]
here in what we are going to do is we are going to start from the
beginner level and scale you up to the advanced level, OK. Because at
the end we want you guys to be ready for the right kind of projects.
So you will be working on advanced debit wherein I hope forever, you
know like you can create 2D, 3D models through just one software.
Perfect clear. Now, the second primary software that is available for
you is BIM 360.

[Speaker 1 28:00]
So DIMM 360 is basically a cloud collaboration platform, Ayush. It
means that you know all the stakeholders that are involved at the time
of project can work collaboratively at the same time. So if I had to
give you a daily life example, have you

[Speaker 1 28:19]
worked on Google Sheets by now?

[Speaker 1 28:22]
Yeah. So if I am creating a sheet right now and I want you to help me
at the same like real time basis,

[Speaker 1 28:30]
I can just easily give you the access to the sheet and we both can
work at the same time on that sheet, right?

[Speaker 2 28:36]
Right.

[Speaker 1 28:37]
So it is basically a cloud platform only. Same is for BIM 360. So
there is a master copy that is created and you basically get an access
and then all the stakeholders can work at the local copy of it at the
same time. Is that clear?

[Speaker 2 28:54]
Yeah.

[Speaker 1 28:54]
Perfect, so this is the second software that you will be learning. The
3rd one is Twin Motion. So Twin Motion is basically a rendering tool.
As you have previously worked on Lumion. I hope by now you mean like
what what rendering is all about. You create 3D visualizations,

[Speaker 1 29:13]
right? So yeah. So its rose Twin Motion. What happens is you can
create a bit more of a realistic 3D so that you can, you know, present
high quality presentations to your future clients. So thats where in
Twin Motion steps in. Is that clear?

[Speaker 2 29:33]
Yeah.

[Speaker 1 29:34]
OK, the 4th software for you is Navisworks. So Navisworks is one of
the, if I had to say, crucial software for you. What happens is Ayush,
since there are so lot of stakeholders involved, it always happens
that a lot of clashes happen on site.

[Speaker 2 29:56]
Okay.

[Speaker 1 29:58]
Oh, you know about it, so you know, Yeah.

[Speaker 2 30:00]
Yeah, class detection.

[Speaker 1 30:01]
Yeah, perfect. So to avoid potential hazards to the, you know,
project, it is very important that those clashes can be avoided at the
time of modeling. So now this works steps in. OK, So these are your
primary software tools. So can you recall that for now?

[Speaker 2 30:22]
Yeah.

[Speaker 1 30:23]
OK. Can you tell me like what are the 4 software tools?

[Speaker 2 30:30]
And your to put some more 2.

[Speaker 1 30:33]
Way motion, its like twin motion. Yeah perfect yeah amazing. So this
is something that you will be working on firstly, then enters your
specialization. Okay, so thats the amazing part about this
certification because at the end you are going to work as a
professional, right?

[Speaker 1 30:53]
So when you sit for interviews, you need to have an edge against all
the people that are coming for the same job role. How does it happen?
You need to have a niche for a specific tool so that the companies who
are looking for that can simply hire you for that role. They dont need
to find people who just have you know basic knowledge of the tool and
it is not really helpful for the company in the longer run, right?

[Speaker 1 31:18]
So we want you guys to be prepared at the advance level for these
specialization. So this is basically an elective out of which so there
are 3 specializations available for you out of which you can choose
one for yourself. OK,

[Speaker 1 31:33]
yeah. So one of which is Dynamo. So Dynamo is a plugin of reset
through which you can work on parametric modelling. Are you familiar
with this word?

[Speaker 1 31:46]
OK, so yeah you can basically create futuristic models if thats
understandable.

[Speaker 2 31:53]
Yeah, yeah.

[Speaker 1 31:53]
Perfect. Another tool for you is Green Building Studio. So it is for
the people who really have an eye for sustainability. So you can work
on the semin, sorry, 7 dimension through Green Building Studio. So 7
dimension basically stands for sustainability.

[Speaker 1 32:14]
So through that what you can do is AYUSH, you can reduce the carbon
emissions that happen on site and it is a step towards, you know,
sustainable living. So we have a lot of fresh graduates right now who
really want to work towards that. So Green Building Studio steps in.
But for now, you know, out of the conversation we had previously, I
feel Primavera, the 3rd elective is something that is really, really
helpful for you. So Primavera as a management.

[Speaker 2 32:44]
Tool.

[Speaker 2 32:45]
This was the only tool I was like connecting Prime Mavera and MST.

[Speaker 1 32:49]
Yeah. So prime awareness, something I think is really, really going to
be helpful for you in the coming time because since you are aiming for
a managerial role. So what happens is in Primavera you,

[Speaker 1 33:03]
you being a project manager, of course you wont be right after the
certification, but after some years when you know you will gain
experience in the industry and you will be stepping in for the
managerial role, you will be supervising a lot of people, right. So it
is very difficult to keep an eye on everyone at the same time.

[Speaker 1 33:23]
So this management tool steps in here wherein what you can do is you
can set the timeline for the people your supervising and you can just
progress. I would say you can just track their progress and thats how
you help the company in increasing its efficiency for the project.
Okay so thats the 3rd elective. So are the softwares clear to you by
now or do you have any doubts in relation to that?

[Speaker 2 33:51]
No, no doubt.

[Speaker 1 33:52]
OK, perfect. So this was all about the software and now I want to talk
to you about something. Ayush, you remember the last time you spoke to
a counselor, he mentioned about the early birth registration? Yeah.

[Speaker 1 34:06]
So this is something that is available right now as well. But in this,
there are few benefits that we are planning on providing. So what we
are doing is we are aiming at 30 students this time for the coming
back.

[Speaker 1 34:20]
And our basic motto is 23 things. Firstly, providing a bit of
financial aid. Secondly is we would say that since these
specializations are elective. So we are planning on providing you with
2 specializations. So you can sit for one life classes and we will be
providing you another elective through recorded sessions. So that
since if I had to speak about you,

[Speaker 1 34:47]
Primavera is something that is not going to be, you know right now
like in the coming future, it is not going to be that useful for you,
right?

[Speaker 1 34:56]
But it is going to be useful in the coming 2 to 3 years from now. So
what we do is we are going to provide you with that so that whenever
you know in the coming time you feel that you are ready for that role,
you can just go through that and how does this happen? We are going to
provide you the lifetime access of that.

[Speaker 1 35:13]
So till that Gmail ID through which you are creating you know you are
registering, you are creating your dashboard that is

[Speaker 1 35:21]
there with you, you are going you are going to still have the access
to all the classes. So this is.

[Speaker 2 35:28]
Something we have just

[Speaker 2 35:31]
till the course end.

[Speaker 1 35:32]
This is the lifetime dashboard, right? So the dashboard is right on
the website. So even if you register through Novator, you will be
registering through the website itself.

[Speaker 1 35:42]
So you will be going we are going to guide you throughout that process
and you will be going to the website then you are going to create your
account through that only we will be able to create your dashboard. So
after your registration procedure is done which I will be talking
about later, we create your dashboard through which what happens is
the purpose of that dashboard is you can rather than you know it
happens. Now he look at the key aapko link AA jayega then go login.
That is not what we want.

[Speaker 1 36:12]
You can just go access your dashboard there in the classes. You know
you can go just login to the class and you can just watch it. There
are times you are a working professional, right? So you might be late
from work. So what we do is we record these classes for you so that
you can have a viewer of them afterwards as well. So your classes are
going to be twice a week, Wednesday and Saturday, OK, Or Wednesday it
is going to be scheduled from 8:00 PM to 10:30 PM and on Saturday it
is going to be scheduled from 7:30 PM to 10:00 PM okay.

[Speaker 2 36:47]
OK.

[Speaker 1 36:47]
Yeah. So is this comfortable with you?

[Speaker 2 36:51]
Yeah. Is there any alternate days where I can?

[Speaker 1 36:58]
The classes happen, yeah. So

[Speaker 1 37:02]
just in case you know, there there are times wherein you know you are
coming late from work or whatever the reason is, you can have the
access at the recorded classes. OK, Yeah. So this is something that is
going to happen. And if I would talk about what the Life Capstone
project is all about. So for the first 4 months, you are working on
these softwares, your classes are on Wednesday, Saturday.

[Speaker 1 37:25]
Now the Catch Throne project comes into the picture which is I think
the real deal for you because our main motto is not to teach you these
softwares, its not our main intent. Our main intent is that you guys
finally create an international portfolio for yourself so that you can
tap the right kind of opportunities sitting in India. Okay, so you
will be working on a building that is being constructed in some part
of the world right now, in Hong Kong to be precise.

[Speaker 1 38:00]
And the name of that you know building is Enzyme Corporation. So it is
a 50 Storey building of which you will be working on its modelling and
you will be assigned in a group of 20 people for that. So we create a
group of 20 people and you will be led by an international mentor
here. So I think by now you know that you wont be like who will be
teaching you by now

[Speaker 1 38:27]
like these are the people who are working in top A EC firms as in
Benoit Shahdeep Koopakari, UN studio, many more companies like that.
So they are working in international companies companies right now. So
technically they are sitting outside India. OK. So they are going to
come and guide you and for that live crab stone project, you will be
assigned one international mentor who is going to specifically deal
with you and guide you for the next 2 months of that capstone project.

[Speaker 1 38:57]
OK so from July, July, then August,

[Speaker 1 39:02]
then its August, September, October. So specifically for the first 4
months you will be working on the learning portion. After that in the
month of November, December and a bit of January you will be working
on the capstone project. OK, so for that capstone project to like the
international mentor is going to guide you for because lets be honest
you will be working on so many softwares at the same time.

[Speaker 1 39:27]
So things pile up, right? So when such things happen, they are going
to guide you for how you can take the next step so that you can have
your own individual portfolio to showcase. Perfect.

[Speaker 1 39:42]
Yeah. After this life Capstone project is completed, then we start
with your placement procedure. We give you a span of 2 weeks wherein
we work on your profile integration as in your LinkedIn profile, your
CEV and we work on refining your portfolio.

[Speaker 1 39:59]
By refining your portfolio mean its like giving the last touch. So
that we the dashboard that you will be working on since day one, it is
a it is going to be your key for the companies as we are going to
represent that dashboard only to the companies. So you know on that
dashboard your portfolio is going to be showcased your CV, your
LinkedIn profile. And the main thing is here in what we do is we
create a skill map for you Ayush. So every individual has his or her.

[Speaker 1 40:31]
Own strength, right so how is the company going to know So what we do
is we have you know generated a I here which is going to tap every
individual step of yours throughout the project I mean like throughout
the program and your skill map is going to be created showcasing your
strengths. So it is you know going to continue from day one so that
you can see like where are the things you can work on more and where
are the things that you know you can Polish more if you are
understanding.

[Speaker 1 41:02]
And that is going to be showcased to the companies and thats wherein
we start lining up interviews for you. Is it clear now like how your
procedure is going to go?

[Speaker 1 41:13]
OK, now what are the doubts you have in regards to this?

[Speaker 2 41:18]
No. So whatever doubts I had, I had told you and I kind of received
the answer for it seems good for me. See that is what I told you. I am
interested into this course now. Yeah. Second thing was the payment

[Speaker 2 41:34]
would have to be planted, so I need to know the charges, the fees of
the certification and how is the payment model going to be.

[Speaker 1 41:45]
So for the fees, we will be also discussing on return on investment as
you mentioned previously. So firstly the fees is ₹1,75,000 as I
mentioned previously, okay. So if you are planning on opting for one
time payment,

[Speaker 1 42:01]
we provide you a scholarship of about ₹15,000. OK, so your fees goes
down to ₹1,60,000 and then you can go for one time payment. Okay, Just
in case, if you are not comfortable with one time payment, we have
another option of either EMI or credit card. So do you have a credit
card in your name?

[Speaker 2 42:22]
Yes.

[Speaker 1 42:23]
Okay, can I know the banks name?

[Speaker 2 42:26]
ICICI.

[Speaker 1 42:28]
OK. I think we have an offer on ICICI Bank. I have to check with the
team. So what we are doing right now is for the offer like early bird
offer, we are planning on paying your interest. So if you are planning
on going through your credit card and what is what is its limit?

[Speaker 2 42:48]
I think it's right around

[Speaker 2 42:51]
1.5.

[Speaker 1 42:53]
1.5 LP OK, yeah, OK. I have to check then. So

[Speaker 1 42:59]
when its one point ₹5,00,000. So OK yeah. So what we are doing is we
are planning on paying your interest. So when I told you that for the
first 30 students, we are planning on providing a bit of financial
aid. So thats wherein we are stepping and we are going to pay your
interest. So technically you just have to pay the principal amount.

[Speaker 1 43:22]
Okay, So how the registration process happens here? So if you are
planning on going through your credit card so the fees is for
₹1,75,000, understandable

[Speaker 1 43:35]
you have to pay a registration fee of around ₹15,000. Okay out of your
total fees. So to block a seat and start your you know, journey with
no waiters, you have to register first. So you pay around ₹15,000,
then your fees goes down to ₹1,60,000,

[Speaker 1 43:53]
correct. So that is going to be converted into like monthly
installment. So for credit cards, yeah, EMIS. So for credit cards, I
have to understand the kind of tenures we have for the ICICI Bank. I
will get back to you on that if I to talk about the Emis. Okay, so
have you ever applied for any sorts of loan by now?

[Speaker 2 44:21]
Basic phone.

[Speaker 1 44:22]
EMI, OK. OK. So I think it went through credit card itself, right?
Yeah. OK.

[Speaker 1 44:30]
So what happens is when you apply for an EMI, so we are going to bring
in finance partners here, OK, as in Bajaj finance and many more like
prepared. So you have to submit certain documents for us to verify
whether your profile is legit.

[Speaker 1 44:49]
So you have to submit your PAN card, aadhaar card, your bank
statement. So for bank statement what happens is you have to present 6
months of like for the.

[Speaker 1 44:59]
So for the May if we start from like today, if you are registering
today, so its 24th today right? So from 1st May to 24th May one and so
from May like previous to 6 months. So you have to go around till last
year. Okay. So you have to submit your bank statement so that you know
the finance partners can understand whether you have a constant

[Speaker 1 45:21]
credit of income right to understand your yeah paying capacity. So
thats how in your EMI procedure starts. So for EMI what we do is we
convert your the remaining amount of ₹1,60,000 into either for 3
months, 6 months or 12 months. So if we go for around 12 months, your
EMI is going to cost you around 13 to ₹14,000.

[Speaker 1 45:49]
But again as I was telling you that olive bird offer is going, what we
are doing is we are planning on stretching it for around Twentyfour
months now. So previously we were like casually doing it Twentyfour
months but we had stopped. But for like these 30 students, we are
planning on again providing that Twentyfour months EMI. So it is going
to be really affordable to you as it is going to cost you around 6600
and sixtysix rupees because again

[Speaker 1 46:17]
we are going to take in the responsibility of your interest, right? So
you just have to pay the principal amount. So if you divide 1,60,000
by Twentyfour, it costs around 6667. Okay,

[Speaker 1 46:32]
yeah, so it is going to cost you that by now can I have an
understanding of like what is the tenure that would be comfortable for
you? Is it 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, Twentyfour months preferred?

[Speaker 2 46:44]
12 months, 12 months, 12 or 24 months, yeah.

[Speaker 1 46:47]
12 months. OK. OK.

[Speaker 1 46:51]
Amazing. So is the fee structure also understandable to you now?

[Speaker 1 46:57]
Okay, now what are the other doubts you have? Yeah, lets talk about
return on investment for now. Lets do that. Amazing. So when you are
investing around ₹6667 per month for the coming 6 months, okay, you
are not getting anything out of it, you are just learning. So if we
multiply 6600 and 60 7 * 6 months of learning, it goes around ₹40,000.
Okay.

[Speaker 1 47:25]
And your registration fees costed you around ₹15,000. So its a total
of around ₹55,000 right.

[Speaker 1 47:34]
And your for now you are earning way more than that. Perfect. So

[Speaker 1 47:39]
what happens is since you will be, you know, expecting a salary hike
of around, since you are not from AEC industry, I cant give you an
estimation right now. We really have to go through your CV, your
background first

[Speaker 1 47:54]
to understand like what we can do with your profile. But if you are
expecting a salary hike of about even if ₹20,000 for now. So I think,

[Speaker 1 48:04]
I think you would be getting around like

[Speaker 1 48:10]
right now you are running around ₹60,000 right per month other than
incentives.

[Speaker 2 48:16]
Right.

[Speaker 1 48:16]
Yeah. So if we had to talk about 20%, it goes around ₹18,000, which is
not even like the complete of what you are going to pay for your EMI.
So thats how return on investment works. Your salary hike is going to
be way more than what you are investing per month, if that is
understandable to you, right? Yeah. So thats what you were looking for
right?

[Speaker 2 48:40]
Right.

[Speaker 1 48:41]
Yeah. So is like your fee question and like as you were telling me
previously, can you explain is there any returns on what I am going to
invest is that everything is clear for now?

[Speaker 1 48:55]
Okay, is there any more doubts you have for now?

[Speaker 2 48:59]
No.

[Speaker 1 49:01]
No doubts as such. I could really clear all your doubts.

[Speaker 2 49:05]
Kind of, yeah. I mean, it will just,

[Speaker 2 49:08]
I will get more doubts I guess when I start with the course, but for
now, you know, I am alright.

[Speaker 1 49:15]
Okay, okay. And I

[Speaker 1 49:18]
will be sharing all the details with you over your email ID. So your
email ID that I have.

[Speaker 2 49:25]
Yeah, one, one thing I had, you said your course is going to start in
month of June.

[Speaker 1 49:31]
Right.

[Speaker 2 49:32]
Okay, July. So yeah, July is good for me because I am not there in
June. I will be, I am travelling to Bali and Thailand so I wont be
there in June. I thought it starting in June anyway.

[Speaker 1 49:47]
We are starting a batch from June that is, you know it is a special
entry batch. So that special entry batches for people who are coming
from civil background.

[Speaker 1 49:58]
And so I think the more you get into Novito, you do student of Novato,
you get to know about the special bags. So what we are doing is we are
bringing civil engineers from very, very different walks of life and
we are planning on a real good upscaling, you know, program for them.
So yeah, June is not for architects.

[Speaker 2 50:23]
Okay, yeah, I think July is comfortable for me. I will be available
from July.

[Speaker 1 50:29]
Perfect.

[Speaker 1 50:32]
Just one second.

[Speaker 1 50:35]
Yeah. You sure? And yeah, I have to talk about an application form. So

[Speaker 1 50:43]
when did you last update your resume?

[Speaker 2 50:48]
I think just last month, OK.

[Speaker 1 50:50]
So thats yeah thats sufficient for us. So I will be dropping an
application form in the coming half an hour or one hour from now. So
the intent of that application form is for us to have an understanding
of your background. So in that application basically you have to fill
in as in your name, your email ID and like why do you want to do BIM?
There is a dropout like dropout question. So like why do you want to
do BIM? Where do you come to know about it?

[Speaker 1 51:19]
But the main part about that application is you uploading your resume
or CV. Okay, so it is for us to understand how we can help you from
where you are sitting right now. OK, so we have an evening meeting
everyday for that. Hello,

[Speaker 1 51:38]
yeah, so we have an evening meeting for that everyday. So today we
will also be having and I want your profile to be there. So it is a 2
minute form. Do you have your resume right now with you?

[Speaker 2 51:52]
I think I have it on my phone.

[Speaker 1 51:54]
Yeah, that will be really helpful so that you know we can discuss
about your profile today itself so that we can start with your
registration tomorrow since

[Speaker 1 52:03]
lets be honest you are not yet like selected, we need to do certain
eligibility criterias as well and what else?

[Speaker 2 52:10]
Can I know about the eligibility criteria?

[Speaker 1 52:13]
Okay so there are specific things that we cant discuss with our
students. We, if I to say in simple terms,

[Speaker 1 52:22]
Ayush, we are really looking for people who have, you know, a big
vision for themselves because we really dont want to become one of
those institutions who are bringing anyone and everyone. We want you
guys to have the right kind of network and the right kind of
resources. Its both because networking is also important for a
professional right? And networking happens only when we can fetch in
the right kind of candidates for you.

[Speaker 1 52:55]
So yeah, so we have our own like segments of criteria and I am so
sorry I am not being able to discuss it. It is just for your good.

[Speaker 1 53:05]
OK, yeah. And your email ID is dolas dot ayush 199 like 1990.

[Speaker 2 53:13]
4 yeah@gmail.com.

[Speaker 1 53:15]
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Perfect. So I will be sharing all those details. You
will be receiving the application in the coming 15 to 20 minutes from
now. And do you have any more doubts?

[Speaker 2 53:29]
Yeah, one more thing about the software. So you think they are going
to be online lectures and may behave

[Speaker 2 53:38]
tutorials over it? So how do I practice? So since I I have a system
with me but which I need to update it.

[Speaker 1 53:46]
Can you talk about your laptop as well? Like what are the
specifications of your laptop?

[Speaker 2 53:50]
I have I have a PC but some of the things need to be updated. I have a
good RAM and 8 GB RAM

[Speaker 2 54:01]
kind of Okesh graphic card with that which I need to update rest
sorry.

[Speaker 1 54:07]
Is it 2 GB?

[Speaker 2 54:09]
Yeah, yeah its more than that.

[Speaker 2 54:13]
So only the graphic needs to be updated that I think that will be done
once I start. Thats not a problem. About the software I need to ask is
do I need to purchase the software because I know Rabbit and.

[Speaker 1 54:27]
All these software cost

[Speaker 1 54:30]
no no no ayush. So what we do is we have created a DIY do it yourself.
You know links through which

[Speaker 1 54:38]
you will be guided for how you can create your own credentials. You
know learning credentials on all these softwares without purchasing
them since you will be learning.

[Speaker 2 54:48]
These trial versions because I will tell you one thing if you talk
about Revit and all these softwares I have already want if I am logged
in on through this email Idi have already used the trial version. So
that is what I wanted to know.

[Speaker 1 55:05]
You can create another email ID, right?

[Speaker 2 55:08]
Yeah.

[Speaker 1 55:09]
Yeah, yeah yeah then its not a problem. So yeah you have to create
your learners credentials and you will be given a link for how you
have to do it. And since you will be learning these softwares you know
for a span of one month, 2 months so you easily get the ambit of
learning through these softwares. So yeah, there is no need for
purchasing, its just the kind of you know you, you will be explained
for how you have to you know, create your credentials on these
software.

[Speaker 1 55:39]
Don't worry.

[Speaker 2 55:40]
Like.

[Speaker 1 55:40]
That's how everyone is doing because at the end you will be working
for some other company, right? They will be purchasing it for you. So
yeah.

[Speaker 2 55:50]
OK, great. Sounds good.

[Speaker 1 55:52]
OK, OK. And is this your WhatsApp number?

[Speaker 2 55:58]
Yeah, this is my WhatsApp number.

[Speaker 1 56:00]
Okay,

[Speaker 1 56:01]
okay, you were saying something. Please say.

[Speaker 2 56:04]
No thats it. I think most of my doubts are cleared and I think we are
good to go with this. I will just need to. I will just need few days
to figure out the financial how I am going to do it. If its going to
be a one time payment or through any I will just few.

[Speaker 1 56:21]
Days is something that we dont have in hand. We are closing on Friday
for this early bird registration. So I think its 2 days for you now.
Is it comfortable?

[Speaker 2 56:34]
Yeah, 2 days is also 5 nights.

[Speaker 1 56:36]
Yeah, yeah because I will be honest we usually give one days time to
people because you guys are earning you know like what you can manage
what you cant. So its not that difficult to understand. But since you
are saying you need few days, the Max I can go is 2 days from now. So
its that on Friday morning we will be rescheduling this call for when
I will be contacting you to understand how you want to manage your
finances.

[Speaker 1 57:03]
And if its possible, can you drop your PAN card on my email ID along
with your bank statement so that I can get back to you on whether your
documents are going to be processed or not? Like if you want to go for
EMI. Yeah, because your credit cards limit is only 1.5 right? Right.

[Speaker 2 57:22]
No problem, you just send me the send

[Speaker 2 57:26]
me your email ID on WhatsApp. I will share everything with you.

[Speaker 1 57:31]
Yeah, I will share you the list of you know what you are supposed to
fill in that as well. OK, so I will drop an email only on your email
ID. You will be receiving an email from my personal its My name is
Dakshika by the way. So you will be receiving it in some time Dont
worry. And on your WhatsApp I will be sharing the list of you know
what are the documents you are supposed to fill in your company's
name, everything. So yeah, lets connect on Friday morning and if you
have further doubts this is my personal number feel free to call

[Speaker 1 58:02]
me. Okay, so I work from around 10:30 in the morning till 7 and yeah,

[Speaker 1 58:08]
because from 7 to 8:00 PM I will be having my meeting. You will be
receiving the application in any time from now and

[Speaker 1 58:16]
try filling it right away. It is just a 2 minute form ayush.

[Speaker 2 58:20]
Okay.

[Speaker 1 58:21]
Thank you.

[Speaker 1 58:24]
Yeah. Good evening, Ayush. Take care. Good.

[Speaker 2 58:26]
Evening, yeah, You too? Yeah.

[Speaker 1 58:28]
Thank you. Bye.

[Speaker 2 58:29]
Thank you. Bye.
