[Sales Agent 00:00]
Hello. Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Yeah. Good evening, Ayush. Congratulations.

[Customer 00:05]
Thank you.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
How are you?

[Customer 00:08]
All good, all good, all good.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
All good. Amazing. And how was the conversation with Chhaya then?

[Customer 00:14]
That is good.

[Sales Agent 00:15]
OK. So did you did you get a complete understanding of like what you
are stepping into now?

[Sales Agent 00:21]
Yes, amazing. So ayush, for you to have an understanding of how your
dashboard is going to look like. I will be dropping in a video
description for you to understand like how you will be logging into
your dashboard for the coming few months. It is a very simple short
video through that you like you can easily understand like how you can
access the dashboard. OK,

[Sales Agent 00:46]
OK, OK. Yeah. And is there anything you want to talk about?

[Customer 00:51]
I think I have got 2 mails from pony stocks and so just I just wanted
to understand Novotar is a pharma company or Sony search is the?

[Sales Agent 01:03]
OK so we were going by the name of Finest 2X around till April. On 2nd
May itself, we have rebranded ourselves as No Waiter. So the word No
Waiter came with a vision wherein we have taken up a mission of
empowering all the people

[Sales Agent 01:21]
currently specifically in India to take the next step towards
digitalization. So no way to stands firstly for its impact as we are
trying to create an impact in this industry and most importantly the
kind of product we are bringing on for you as in the kind of quality
content you will be working on in the coming few months. So as I told
you yesterday as well, like every time we come up with a new cohort,
we plan on getting it improved.

[Sales Agent 01:51]
So no waiter stands for that if you are getting.

[Customer 01:53]
It maam because I have received the mails from one of the staff from
one stocks and and

[Customer 02:03]
I think something about slack. Slack is mentioned. I think its some
app for is this? Is this the LMS app?

[Sales Agent 02:12]
Slack is not LMS app, it is a CMS. Yeah. So it is basically where in
you will be having, you know, ability to contact your mentors

[Sales Agent 02:22]
and the people who will be taking in charge of your, you know, scale I
as in the kind of classes you are doing. So progression in charge will
be taking in all the inputs from you. So it is for you to have a
communication other than elements as well. So this is a CMS like you
can have a conversation with them. Perfect,

[Sales Agent 02:44]
Yeah. Any more doubts for me?

[Customer 02:47]
No. And any ID something to create for those things.

[Sales Agent 02:51]
So through that elements video, you will be having a complete
understanding of how you will be doing. Your email ID is what is
actually required. As I told you your email ID is the crucial element
here. Post that you will understand it is basically aapko Jake login
karna hai uske through aapka dashboard aapko dikh jayega abhi kuchh
classes ya kuchh nahi dikhenge Ki start nahi Hua hai. But the moment
it starts happening

[Sales Agent 03:14]
you will see everyday Ki kya kya inputs hota JA raha hai kyonki aapko
assignments bhi banenge woh dashboard pe hi aapko milenge toh AAP
dashboard K through access kar sakte ho And that dashboard is at the
end going to be presented to your like companies. You will be sitting
for interviews and if you Remember Me telling you that your dashboard
is something that yeah so thats the reason day one SEM aapke dashboard
pe hi SAB kuchh karate rahate hai so that we can create a skill map of
who Ayush is.

[Sales Agent 03:42]
That skill map will be, you know, showing around 24 elements of like
firstly skills and communication skills, skill sets in the sense of
practical knowledge. It will be mapping out everything for you to for
you to firstly have an understanding of where you are standing and for
us to present what you are capable of bringing in the company in the
coming time.

[Customer 04:07]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:07]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 04:10]
done. Perfect. Yeah. Is this clear? Ayush?

[Sales Agent 04:14]
OK. And I hope you have this number saved by my name. So just in case
in the coming time, if you feel that there is something you want to
talk about, just drop in a call, OK? And for the LMS video I am
dropping it right away.

[Customer 04:28]
Okay, you will send it through mail, right?

[Sales Agent 04:32]
Should I just drop it on your WhatsApp?

[Customer 04:36]
Yeah, not a problem.

[Sales Agent 04:37]
Yeah, as in it is just a basic Google Drive link through which, Yeah.
Cool.

[Sales Agent 04:43]
OK, OK. Thank you. Ayush. Good evening. Take care.

[Customer 04:46]
Yeah, yeah. One doubt I had. I think I am speaking you. You had
mentioned that the the

[Customer 04:53]
program will be starting on 15th of June, right?

[Customer 04:57]
Sorry July but I think on the mail its mentioned 22nd of July.

[Sales Agent 05:02]
Yeah, as I was telling you that it is an estimated time. So I clearly
mentioned that that we are estimating to start it from 15th.

[Sales Agent 05:11]
So it might be that they have shifted it to 21st. But yeah, aapka July
may he start hoga Ek woh hurt whether it is 15th or twentyfirst or
twentyfourth.

[Sales Agent 05:21]
Okay, okay.

[Customer 05:23]
Okay, no problem.

[Sales Agent 05:24]
Yeah. Any more questions for me Ayush?

[Customer 05:28]
OK,

[Customer 05:29]
I.

[Sales Agent 05:30]
Have dropped in the walk through video for you.

[Sales Agent 05:33]
OK, OK. Yeah. Take care, Ayush. Thank you.

[Customer 05:36]
Yeah. Thank you.
