[Customer 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:07]
Hello. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon, Neeraj.

[Customer 00:11]
Hello. Hi.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
This side from October, how are you?

[Customer 00:17]
Yeah, I am good. How are you?

[Sales Agent 00:20]
I am also good Mehul thank you for asking so Mera Sir I contacted you
on 3rd Feb or the account you would busy so you are free right now you
are still 130.

[Customer 00:30]
Yeah, we can discuss.

[Sales Agent 00:32]
We can discuss. Great great. So you are looking for some quotes on our
website related to date ofence, right?

[Customer 00:40]
Yeah, actually I attended that webinar.

[Customer 00:46]
That was for the data science I think.

[Sales Agent 00:50]
Yeah, yeah. So how was your experience? You like the webinar?

[Customer 00:54]
Yeah, it was good. It was like, okay. And yeah, actually,

[Customer 01:00]
yeah, actually I was looking for

[Customer 01:03]
explanation or you can say guidance on data science course from
updates, specifically the one which which has some alumni status of
IIT.

[Sales Agent 01:16]
B.

[Customer 01:17]
Triple IC, yeah, yeah. So what is the procedure and

[Customer 01:22]
what are the like? What what is the selection criteria and what are
the things we will cover? And will there be any chance

[Customer 01:32]
that after the pre course completion person can choose

[Customer 01:40]
select elective more than one elective? Even so, lets say if I have
completed the course and

[Customer 01:49]
apart from deep learning, I want to learn natural language processing
as well or maybe some other as well. So what is the way for that? And
yeah,

[Customer 02:02]
these these, these questions I had.

[Sales Agent 02:07]
Its good to see that you have done your from the website regarding the
courses and have already some route to it. I will help you with it. I
actually profile has been going to me to help you out with the same
the same thing you are looking for

[Sales Agent 02:20]
but before proceeding further mail just I need to understand you also
fine also. So just let me up to 2 things. And highest notification
qualification on your mortgage payment.

[Customer 02:33]
Okay so I have completed BCA from Sikkim Manipal University and that
is from YES D

[Customer 02:41]
CA.

[Customer 02:44]
I completed it in 2011.

[Sales Agent 02:47]
And do you know the 30% â‚¹80?

[Customer 02:51]
Yeah, I got more than 50% as far.

[Sales Agent 02:54]
As

[Sales Agent 02:56]
stable assistance, okay, and after that?

[Customer 02:59]
And then I will have around 13 years of experience

[Customer 03:04]
with the database

[Customer 03:07]
administrator.

[Sales Agent 03:09]
Currently working as a as a database administrator. So what? What is
the job to file exactly?

[Customer 03:18]
So the job profile basically like we we are admins and we work more
for database management with like the roles would be

[Customer 03:32]
to check the performance and to check the security and infra
availability and all those things. And even

[Customer 03:40]
helping with the helping the end user we are choosing the correct
database and putting the

[Customer 03:47]
things on the right database. So that is also one of the things. And
so overall it is from the infrastructure side that we we support, but
that involve performance cleaning as well where we interact with the
users and

[Customer 04:04]
discuss

[Customer 04:05]
about the solution, complete solution.

[Sales Agent 04:10]
Okay, okay. And if you talk about the tools that you are using for
this, So what kind of tools you are using?

[Customer 04:18]
Yeah, so for tours like we are mainly on Sequel server and port Gauge.

[Sales Agent 04:24]
Included.

[Customer 04:26]
Sequel and 4 gates.

[Sales Agent 04:29]
Okay, and any programming language or tool you are using?

[Customer 04:34]
Programming No I do not have any idea about the programming. So

[Customer 04:40]
we do interact with some data engineers where they develop pipelines
in it Aure Data factory. So

[Customer 04:49]
yeah, I interact with them and basic pipelines even we also developed
E.

[Sales Agent 04:55]
PLEPL you are talking about right?

[Customer 04:57]
Kind of ETL you can say but that is a tool from Azure site.

[Sales Agent 05:03]
Okay, okay, got it, got it. So are you having 13 years of experience,
13 years of experience is in the same domain or initially you started
from different domain?

[Customer 05:13]
No no, I started from the database admin only.

[Sales Agent 05:17]
Okay, okay great. I am currently using which company?

[Customer 05:20]
I am working in Gartner.

[Sales Agent 05:23]
Gardner Okay okay great great so whats the reason why you are looking
for love killing yourself in data science?

[Customer 05:32]
So like definitely the reason is that to

[Customer 05:37]
get a better opportunity where

[Customer 05:40]
because actually every role has some limitation. So I feel that this
role also has some limitations and even like

[Customer 05:53]
in the world of a I or data science, machine learning, even if I I
would be database admin. So I need to know about these technologies to
go to higher roles. So basically I am planning for like roles where I
would be more involved in decision making or

[Customer 06:18]
actually doing the data science activities or even the product if some
product is there

[Customer 06:23]
so that I can review end to end and help with my years of experience
and the knowledge as well which I will get. So definitely like sitting
from this role to another role or you can say transition and at the
same time like would be good

[Customer 06:42]
to get more packages as well.

[Sales Agent 06:45]
I was coming to the same by that I think you are looking for the
package price also salary growth. You are you are feeling stuck right
now that up to say 13 years of its we have gotten whatever you can out
of this profile and job right? And now you want to in yourself, you
want the transitioning. You will be basically upkinning yourself

[Sales Agent 07:03]
getting a better job position and better package.

[Customer 07:07]
Yes that's correct because actually as I said because it's been 13
years and I have been working as a database admin only. So now I think
I feel its a time to switch the role and use my current experience and

[Customer 07:24]
explore the other areas as well. May be more on the business side.

[Sales Agent 07:28]
Okay, okay, got it. Then what is the current issue and how much height
you are expecting?

[Customer 07:34]
So height like and such language I am not expecting but around 48 I am
getting.

[Sales Agent 07:41]
40 what 40 LP or 40,000 per month?

[Sales Agent 07:46]
40 LP is the current salary package. Is that great? But like if I talk
about the 13 years of experience, it might be less.

[Customer 07:54]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 07:55]
That is correct. Yes, that is correct. Great, great. So thats really
great. So Sir Aapko got back to you have already flowed a little bit
about on our website. So anybody suggested you upgraded or you like
anybody in your friend circle or relatives have completed the course
in the past or you yourself for to know about it?

[Customer 08:17]
No, frankly speaking, I was exploring that because there are

[Customer 08:22]
multiple platforms where I where I can learn because these days Scalar
is one of Academy which offers data science course and they are doing
heavily like they are spending heavily on marketing and.

[Sales Agent 08:36]
Other things.

[Customer 08:37]
And so that is one thing either one these days we get courses from

[Customer 08:45]
this IIT&IAM as well the data group code. So recently one of my
colleague joined IIT Delhi Data Science course boot camp for 6 months
and even they are delivering 112 months course as well for data
finishing decision science.

[Customer 09:05]
You may have heard of that as well and we have courses from IIM as
well

[Customer 09:10]
and at the same time we have forced some upgrade and scalar and even
there are lot one way means there are lots. So I was just exploring
which can be better option for me where I can get better knowledge and
better learning experience. And its not only for the sake of court
completion but we are actually getting some benefit and knowledge

[Customer 09:37]
completing the course. And even it is adding adding the value in
overall development of myself and at the same time my like work in the
work work as well.

[Sales Agent 09:55]
Okay, you will proceed and it will how many days that you will that
you have started exploring. Exploring its been days or its been weak?

[Customer 10:03]
Yeah, it will be. I think it is around 3 to 4 weeks. They have already
happened.

[Sales Agent 10:08]
Oh, one month

[Sales Agent 10:09]
almost.

[Customer 10:10]
Yeah, one month almost. I have like one group.

[Sales Agent 10:14]
A lot of platforms already, So what is the challenge that you face
that you havent enrolled anywhere? Like if something was something
must have been missing. If I talk about the curriculum, why or any
other thing?

[Customer 10:29]
Yeah, actually, frankly speaking, I was about to enroll in Scalar
Academy, but but somehow I like, I did not choose that because

[Customer 10:43]
I thought like they are like more because they there are 2 things,
one, because they are more you can say involved in marketing and all
those things though.

[Sales Agent 10:55]
That is the feedback I am getting a lot from a lot of people right
currently, recently basically

[Sales Agent 11:00]
because I think they have recently expanded their marketing.

[Customer 11:04]
Yes, yes, right, right. So though I, I, I reviewed their curriculum as
well as the things they are offering that that are okay, that are
fine, but still and other thing was that they are not giving any
damage

[Customer 11:20]
from the Renault University. So even I will complete the course from
scalar. So that will only be from the scalar only

[Customer 11:30]
so. So that is one advantage that you you are having in upgrade.

[Sales Agent 11:36]
Bangalore from.

[Customer 11:37]
Triple IT Bangalore but actually I was not sure like whether its just
only for the name page because actually you you can understand that
its been around 13 years of experience.

[Sales Agent 11:50]
With me.

[Customer 11:51]
So I can understand like if, if that is only for the namesake or not
because

[Customer 11:57]
in industry knowledge matters

[Customer 12:01]
and if like we are not getting quality education

[Customer 12:05]
done, it is not going to add value and like

[Customer 12:10]
scale up my career you can say in both ways.

[Sales Agent 12:16]
You are approach is really good to look into the the things when you
are exploring the courses actually because recently like a day before
yesterday there is a course on scalar. Is this specifically scalar I
am talking about? I was also not aware about this that they are
increasing their marketing strategies. I got to know from someone. So
there is a course 3,00,000 only I think the same executive course that
you can later find. But for scalar it is

[Sales Agent 12:41]
so by because of the because of the margin I connected with somebody
he was exploring the sources on the website to compare the curriculum.
So thats how I connected with that person. So he explained me that I
have fell for the marketing strategy. Its a 12 months code and its
already been 6 months and I am regulating my the exam because
initially it was on marketing really good but it is about.
