[Sales Agent 00:05]
Hello.

[Customer 00:06]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yes, Sir. Good afternoon, Harsha Akankshi.

[Sales Agent 00:22]
Hello,

[Sales Agent 00:24]
Harsha, can you hear me? Yes.

[Customer 00:26]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:27]
Harsha Harsha accounting from Upgrad.

[Customer 00:32]
Hi Akanksha.

[Sales Agent 00:34]
Hi, actually I have received your number from Malvekar.

[Customer 00:40]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:43]
Okay okay Sir. So she will Alumni at Upgrad and she had referred you
for some online certification courses that you were looking forward
to, right?

[Customer 00:53]
Yes, so.

[Sales Agent 00:55]
Harsha, before getting out of the discussion for the course, I just
need an understanding about your current profile so we can help you
with the certification that would be beneficial for you. And may I
know currently what kind of a job role or designation are you having?

[Customer 01:11]
I have an account head at an advertising agency.

[Sales Agent 01:15]
Okay

[Sales Agent 01:18]
so.

[Customer 01:20]
Right now I placed out of.

[Sales Agent 01:21]
Kochi.

[Customer 01:22]
So I am handling

[Customer 01:26]
regard petrol bag

[Customer 01:29]
when there are some couple of UAE brands and all that. I am handling

[Customer 01:35]
some textiles and other foods, so

[Customer 01:39]
working as a branch. Person is a male point of contact for the account
that I have handling with.

[Sales Agent 01:46]
From the agency.

[Customer 01:47]
Side to the branch.

[Sales Agent 01:52]
Noted. So what kind of a post AdWords on like whatever requirements of
the company is having,

[Sales Agent 01:59]
you are telecommunicator and get the delivery bank changes. I am
putting on time right? And you are taking care of these components
loaded in total, How many years of experience are you having?

[Customer 02:13]
About 10 plus.

[Sales Agent 02:15]
10 plus Okay Yeah,

[Sales Agent 02:18]
you were telling about the campaign, so campaigns, influential
marketing, what are the thing that you are taking care of in this
current organization?

[Customer 02:28]
This is what to do with the a TL&TLS, basically not into with this
case.

[Sales Agent 02:34]
Okay got it.

[Customer 02:38]
So I started my career as an assistant director. So I.

[Sales Agent 02:42]
Worked with smoothie.

[Customer 02:44]
Also so I have an understanding of how the production works.

[Sales Agent 02:48]
So I also.

[Customer 02:49]
Take care of that I

[Customer 02:52]
very very production work also for me. So whatever related, that also
is some sort of I.

[Sales Agent 02:59]
Note it got it Okay, now

[Sales Agent 03:04]
what kind of.

[Customer 03:07]
Personal in factory here.

[Sales Agent 03:10]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 03:14]
Bombay.

[Customer 03:16]
To Mumbai, Okay and.

[Sales Agent 03:20]
I am very.

[Customer 03:21]
About a year and a half later, I did my CTV from Kelkar College. Sorry
from KC College, Bombay area.

[Sales Agent 03:31]
Okay, Mumbai University of Elite Policy noted.

[Customer 03:36]
Yeah, KC colleges. Mumbai every day, yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:40]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 03:41]
And currently the name of the organization that you are working in,
the agency that you are taking working in as I did. Popcorn. POPKY
popcorn. Yeah, yeah, popcorn.

[Sales Agent 03:57]
And currently you are taking care of your working from Kochi, right?
Kochi, Kerala.

[Customer 04:03]
Yeah, Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:04]
No problem.

[Sales Agent 04:06]
So now the point like we got a profile and the point of interest was a
digital marketing certification that what we got it for. So are you
looking forward to a digital marketing source or something else?

[Customer 04:20]
So I am actually looking for something to do with brand.

[Sales Agent 04:24]
Strategy. Branding.

[Customer 04:26]
Also, along with that, I would like to have answer deductible, so I
came up first ago in my class offering this specialization, the 2 of
these things

[Customer 04:41]
194.

[Sales Agent 04:43]
Okay. Yeah. So we have the certification that is termed in advance
certificate in digital marketing and communication that we have in
collaboration with Nykaa and under which there are specialization, OK.
So branding and communication is one of the specialization among 5. So
basically there is social media and content marketing, Branding and
communication, marketing communication, public relation,

[Sales Agent 05:09]
marketing analytics and generative artificial intelligence. So do not
have 5 specialization that we have now. Its totally up to the learners
choice the number of specialization that you want to mill ahead with.

[Customer 05:26]
But what is the duration for this and how it is supposed to be
comfortable of completing having this?

[Sales Agent 05:35]
So I will tell you how the curriculum works and how the learning will
be done. So it is an you must have checked the website. Also the batch
is batch is like you are taking admission from tomorrow

[Sales Agent 05:47]
like January 34th is the best update and in February onwards you will
be having your live lecture and everything that is gonna come in okay.
And once your enrollment for the course it will be 100% online quote.
So you will never be asked to prioritise between your ongoing work or
your learning. So Monday to Friday it is just health paid learning
model that you are having. There is no mandatory time where you need
to sit and do the classes. You can pursue the classroom according to
your time and savings

[Sales Agent 06:18]
and at any given point if you have any doubt or question there will be
a 24/7 doubt resolution questional answer forum where you can write
down your doubts and you will be getting an expertised feedback within
a 5 time Okay

[Sales Agent 06:35]
hello Monday to Friday how it works now Harsha, you got the solution.
You received the solution that you were looking for but due to some
reason you are not very much clear about it. So that means an abrupt
body that is applied for your back. You can reach out to them and they
take care of all your academic queries and all academic queries.
Academy has a bridge between you and the institution,

[Sales Agent 06:58]
so Monday to Friday. It is a very flexible learning module so you will
never face an issue with the time management part and during the
weekend. Saturdays and Sundays are the days where you would be having
the live classes. Okay. So

[Sales Agent 07:13]
the live life Sir will be happening on the weekend and the classes are
taken care by the MICA teaching faculty and along with them there are
industries of course you know people like from hotel. There is Sachin,
he is the head of search marketing. Then there is Karan Sachin. He is
the Chief Marketing Officer working at Reserke

[Sales Agent 07:32]
for blended faculty of the institution along with the industry Export
will be mentoring you throughout the course particular

[Sales Agent 07:41]
and when is Harsha for this thing,

[Sales Agent 07:44]
so then okay. So when the light package comes in fixed, first of all
the whole calendar or the schedule for the classes would be provided
on prior basis. It is not like out of the blue may be on a Wednesday
you would be notified that there is a live lecture that is going to
happen on the weekend. The whole talent is provided to employer within
according to our learners or certainly it is easily late evening and
on Sunday you get flexible slot among which you opt for

[Sales Agent 08:13]
okay because

[Sales Agent 08:16]
the whole curriculum is built

[Sales Agent 08:19]
keeping in consideration the working hours of an Indian profession. In
terms of working with 2 hours of travel time, 10 hours is the average
timing that is taken into confederation and accordingly the whole
module has been produced. And Harsha as per your profile on a weekly
basis you have to satisfy 10:50 maximum 12 hours in order to pursue
this course. That is the amount of hours that you need to give an over
here.

[Sales Agent 08:49]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 08:51]
so this is how the week was. Now, there might be some weekend where
you tend to make out on the live lecture Okay, so the recording for
the same class would be applicable to you or your learning portal
within 24 hours.

[Sales Agent 09:09]
Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No worry Sir. Sure.

[Customer 09:20]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 09:21]
Yeah sure.

[Sales Agent 09:25]
So g slash me. That is happening on the weekend, know. So if you are
missing out on any of these classes, the recording for the same class
would be accessible to you on your loaning portal within 24 hours.
Okay, because there might be some days that you miss out due to some
other work commitment or something like that.

[Sales Agent 09:43]
Okay now Hamesha is the curriculum part, how it works as I mentioned
it is. It is built across a duration law 6 months to 12 months.

[Sales Agent 09:52]
Okay 6 months is the core program that you are having. It is for the
first 6 months of the program you are enrolling, you will be packed.
Get a refresher on the basic. Then you will level up to sources and
marketing services and optimization, brand communication strategy,
Email marketing, web analytics to digital marketing is like a tree
under which there will be multiple branches that you will be covering

[Sales Agent 10:19]
okay. So you first you will get a veritable base of this bill, then
you will get an access to a library with 90 + 2 okay. So there are
multiple tools that are used in the marketing clean as well

[Sales Agent 10:33]
just for instance, even you are a senior account holder. So for the
Instagram and Facebook bank, a lot of McAfee tools that are being used
by digital marketer for ad boosting and new marketing as well, right.
So overall you will be getting an induct understanding of the various
tools that are available in the market and the latest add on to the
toolkit is the introduction of the shared GPT and the A ID fees.

[Sales Agent 11:00]
So now you got a theoretical date of the scheme, Sir, you got a
theoretical base of the 2. Now from the path where we need to provide
you a hands on experience, a practical approach

[Sales Agent 11:13]
to your learning. So for that

[Sales Agent 11:16]
there would be 15 plus industry relevant project that you will be
working on Okay. So

[Sales Agent 11:25]
these industrial projects are from companies like Diwali, Florinac,
Lace, which company has the set of online ads and channels which are
already running. We work on the companys products and you get an item
expenses

[Sales Agent 11:38]
okay. So Harsha the first experience of the program is a ready
generate one where you cover each and every aspect of your digital
marketing platform. You work on to these industry relevant project and
if I tell you about the credit score like how you have been attacked
as well. So for instance you are coming a topic to web. So in web you
learn how our website is developed, how it does necessary changes are
done on the WhatsApp and how optimization takes place. So after every
topic that you will cover, there will be a small

[Sales Agent 12:11]
MCQ base assessment that you would be shipping for.

[Sales Agent 12:14]
That way we have in 25% weightage

[Sales Agent 12:17]
in your curriculum Okay. The rest of the 75% weightage is given on to
the industry. Its relevant project that you are working on. And after
the 6 months as I mentioned you there are 5 specialization. So for
every specialization that you add on, there is an addition of 5 years
each to the curriculum Okay,

[Sales Agent 12:40]
5 G6 months in the court, Hogaya. So for example for instance, you are
a person who is more keen towards branding and communication.

[Sales Agent 12:49]
So for that it will be taking you a total of 7 months 2 weeks to
complete the home course.

[Sales Agent 12:57]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 12:59]
so that is not the special ID. So once I will be after this call once
I share you the curriculum details, you have an understanding about
what are the specialization and how it cover. If you dont mind can I
brief you about the specialization as well? Like what are the things
that are covered over here? Will that be fine?

[Customer 13:18]
Okay, one second I wanted to ask. So is that.

[Sales Agent 13:21]
I.

[Customer 13:22]
Am.

[Sales Agent 13:23]
Is this?

[Customer 13:23]
In this something that I want to understand but

[Customer 13:28]
correctly if I am.

[Sales Agent 13:30]
Leaving.

[Customer 13:30]
For the 6 months is going to be extensively about decision at 10:54
digit is 5 inch of branding and other preference that I go ahead with
is that how it?

[Sales Agent 13:40]
Is yes. So the 6 months

[Sales Agent 13:43]
program will cover all the astrologer digital digital marketing
platform. You will get an overview of everything. Okay, yeah.

[Customer 13:51]
Something else, you know, digital marketing. Honestly, I just want to
understand.

[Sales Agent 13:58]
The basic aspect.

[Customer 13:59]
I dont really want to have a certified, you know complete index. My my
international is more towards France, that is all branch
communications or branding cases.

[Sales Agent 14:11]
Okay okay. You are totally keen to us

[Sales Agent 14:16]
branding bag Okay.

[Customer 14:23]
I need to know that for this if I if I was charging that I have worked
out.

[Customer 14:33]
I want to know how can I optimise that pattern like I can use the
delivery platform. I think I need to make sure initiator to help you
how my appropriate.

[Sales Agent 14:41]
So that you know they can then.

[Customer 14:44]
So I

[Customer 14:45]
that's why I am looking for someone so I need to be.

[Customer 14:48]
I need to understand how this how that platform will be work first,
but I don't really

[Customer 14:56]
contact. Are you understanding?

[Sales Agent 14:59]
Yes,

[Sales Agent 14:59]
yes, yes. So Harsha, even I that is why having started of the
conversation we I took a brief understanding about your profile and as
an head account manager you are not the person who are executing. If
you are most keen to a strategising and getting the result better on a
real time basis,

[Sales Agent 15:20]
thats your job strategy and get it implemented with your team right

[Sales Agent 15:27]
so I can I will tell you how it works. So in this course there are 2
tracks okay in the mighty certification. One is an executive track and
one is a managerial track. Okay I will give you the difference. So
executive track of the people who are learning, they are running and
getting a credit card out of the job which is not for you. You are a
person who will be getting in the management track where you are keen
to a strategising, finding

[Sales Agent 15:56]
and getting the job more efficient with your needs.

[Sales Agent 16:02]
That is your theory Sir. So over here and as you are working in the
brand agency end of the day everything comes how how to maximise and
better the result of traffic delusion. Because any company who is
getting in touch with your agency is to get their resort maximum
maximum right? May be on a social media platform or maybe on a Google
app right. So your when you are covering this particular topic in the
first 6 months,

[Sales Agent 16:31]
we cover all the platforms. Okay

[Sales Agent 16:33]
and when you are specialising so for example if you are specialising
into branding and communication that specialization. So how it works
in branding and communication you will learn what

[Sales Agent 16:48]
how to perceptive the creation of a you know brand logo, brand name
and most importantly strategizing the marketing campaign in order to
maximise the traffic generation and the marketing strategy that you
will be learning over here

[Sales Agent 17:03]
related to a particular region or a state. But you will be learning
how the international or global markets are working and how
competitive analyst, competitive analytic you would do in order to not
clash with your competitors rather stand out in the market. So you
have an you have a company that you are handling an account for then
another company who are dealing with the same similar product or
service, right.

[Sales Agent 17:29]
So even your team does a little bit of ambulances on other
competitors, get the insights from that and you know get a sometime
for the particular art code. See your You will be learning in this
particular specialization. What are the Radius brand, engagement
strategies and communication metrics and channels that you need to
strategy in order to better the result out of the work.

[Sales Agent 17:55]
You get a clarity on this.

[Customer 17:57]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 17:59]
Okay so that is why. Yeah Sir so when I had an understanding about
your profile and accordingly I have suggested you this too. So this
text month will cover every aspect because you cannot only just you
know run on to how well optimised but you need to know what is active
and how you can better the optimization. So what are the keywords or
highlights like? Easily changed or maybe what are the metric that you
need to be improved in order to get the results better out of the work

[Sales Agent 18:30]
right. So if 6 months is the 4 program and as per your requirement
branding and communication is a specialization that you can move ahead
with and that will issue 7 months to reach to complete the whole
course.

[Sales Agent 18:46]
Then the overall time duration that you need to invest and in the
specialization there would be like in writing and communication. There
will be another set of 2 industry driven project that will be working
on and there will be one light campaign that you will be running or
strategising by yourself. There will be an industry that will be given
to you. So now you have the flexibility. So maybe work on the ongoing
project that you are already having

[Sales Agent 19:15]
industry that is being assigned for you, strategising the Samsung for
the same?

[Customer 19:21]
Okay

[Customer 19:23]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:25]
Okay that was the yeah Maisha that was the curriculum is working. Did
you get a clarity? Maybe you better understood the thing till you are
in a dilemma or maybe having some confusion that.

[Customer 19:40]
Details. Also I have a better I understood what what are you trying to
say.

[Sales Agent 19:45]
Now my.

[Customer 19:46]
Pending now my another thing I wanted to ask is how is the fee
structuring and all those things? Is there any discount other type why
you can discount?

[Sales Agent 19:59]
Yeah because you are a resort person. So depending on the coach fees
like depending on the specialization there will be a certain amount
that will be waived off okay. So for instance, 1,13,000 is a post fee
with one specialization. Okay maam.

[Sales Agent 20:18]
Harsha so 1,30,000 is the post fee so as because you are referred by
an RNI. So on Malla 13,000, you wont be paying 1,13,000 or you the
postcase will come around from ₹1,06,000.

[Sales Agent 20:36]
Yes. So that is like when we will be using Mahavishas referee code, it
will be auto auto corrected and this particular waiver will be
updated. And even in this course sheet we dont have to make an upfront
payment initially. You need to reserve your seat by paying a block
amount of ₹15,000. I pour that the balance amount would be converted
into EMI.

[Sales Agent 20:59]
Thats how it works.

[Sales Agent 21:02]
So there are 2 options. Okay Harsha there is 2 option that is there is
a low fault 0% interest

[Sales Agent 21:12]
Hello. Do you have a standard base? Hello,

[Sales Agent 21:17]
Hello. So then we have a standard base EMI that is for one year to 3
years. So whichever EMI plan the when I share you the detail I will
share you the EMI plan as well where the amounts will be visible to
you. So for anything you are confirming a candidature today or may be
tomorrow

[Sales Agent 21:36]
post which you will get your credentials activated for the learning
portal. Then the balance whatever EMI plan is suggest us we get the
EMI process right away

[Sales Agent 21:47]
like this particular month or may be the IT is under 5 to 6 days but
your EMI deduction will be starting from the month of March

[Sales Agent 21:58]
that must be EMI was okay and I should have also one thing that.

[Customer 22:06]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 22:07]
Yes. So it is not just a learning that you take care of. Hello.

[Sales Agent 22:13]
Yeah, Harsha, can you hear?

[Customer 22:15]
Me.

[Sales Agent 22:16]
Hello.

[Customer 22:19]
Yeah, I can.

[Sales Agent 22:19]
Hear you. Is there any disturbance that you are facing from my side
Harsha

[Sales Agent 22:29]
just just give me a moment. I am just connecting with you on your
WhatsApp number once I am just calling you on your WhatsApp. Just give
me a moment.
