[Customer 00:01]
Hello. Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello, good evening. Speaking to Mr Sharath.

[Customer 00:07]
Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Hi Sharath, this is Akhil. This side I am connecting you from the
feedback team of Upgrade Education.

[Customer 00:14]
So.

[Sales Agent 00:15]
Yeah, as I believe that you have registered for one room governor on
4th January.

[Customer 00:20]
5th.

[Sales Agent 00:22]
Yeah, and you are not able to attend date right? First, yes, I.

[Customer 00:25]
Couldnt able 22 persons.

[Sales Agent 00:28]
So just want to understand like what was the reason you are not able
to attend it?

[Customer 00:34]
My daughter was 100 so.

[Sales Agent 00:37]
Okay.

[Customer 00:37]
I couldn't.

[Sales Agent 00:40]
Fine, no issues. So basically see this call we are specially giving to
those who register for the webinar and they are not able to attend it
that we can give them a little insight about what was actually where
in the webinar and generally output about the generate a I and data
signals.

[Customer 00:59]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 01:00]
But first of all, this is a good time to speak to you.

[Customer 01:04]
Yes, yes. Yes, speaking Sir.

[Customer 01:06]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 01:07]
So before even starting I just want to understand that what was the
exact reason you registered for the webinar? Are you just looking for
just knowledge or you are looking for any transition on your current
job role? What it?

[Customer 01:20]
Is so

[Customer 01:21]
currently right? I am booking as TV data, unless so

[Customer 01:26]
quite familiar with machine learning models. Okay, so just wanted to
play myself

[Customer 01:33]
for any so any organization. Planning to go for few use cases within a
so I thought top skill myself.

[Sales Agent 01:42]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 01:43]
fine. So I will give you insight and details about the upscaling and
the various Chennai programs that we are having here. So

[Sales Agent 01:52]
then you can make a informed decision on how and when you can fill
yourself Okay. So before that, can you give me a little insight about
yourself, like about your educational background, your experience?

[Sales Agent 02:06]
I graduated.

[Customer 02:07]
My engineering in 2016 after that I.

[Sales Agent 02:10]
Worked that jumer.

[Customer 02:11]
Data another till 4th.

[Sales Agent 02:13]
And later I.

[Customer 02:14]
Worked with Tata Consulting Services for 3 years

[Customer 02:18]
and for couple of years now I am booking with Verizon.

[Sales Agent 02:25]
So now we are working as a senior.

[Customer 02:28]
Return

[Customer 02:29]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 02:30]
So your complete experience is into data investor only, right?

[Customer 02:34]
Yes, yes, yes. Complete experience system. Done.

[Sales Agent 02:38]
And how would your bachelors you have completed in Britain Bachelor in
bachelor?

[Customer 02:42]
And electronic

[Customer 02:44]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 02:47]
And how about the percentage, of course?

[Customer 02:51]
Its

[Customer 02:51]
close to 72%.

[Sales Agent 02:56]
Okay, so now since you are holding 60,

[Sales Agent 03:02]
so thank you. Almost 8 years of experience, right?

[Customer 03:05]
Close to idiot.

[Sales Agent 03:11]
So since you are holding this 8 years experience completely into as a
role of data only. So I believe that you are good with know the
technical tools that is been used, right?

[Customer 03:21]
Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Thank you.

[Sales Agent 03:23]
So now you are looking for something wherein you can learn the
generated I tools, so that can help you in your current position or
also help you to get a growth in the market, right?

[Customer 03:34]
Yes, yes, Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 03:37]
See Intel. Firstly, I would like to brief you a little about the
domains that you are offering. So basically we have 2 domains one is
Data science and analytical and second one is machine learning that is
ML&AL

[Sales Agent 03:51]
Okay. Now Data science Analytical is for someone, the learner who does
not have a technical background or who does not hold any polling or
programming experience or knowledge in terms of working like from the
job also

[Sales Agent 04:06]
okay and when it comes to machine learning and a I, we suggest that to
learners who we assume has some prior coding or programming knowledge
or technical knowledge in terms of working experience and also in
terms of education.

[Customer 04:21]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:23]
And now

[Sales Agent 04:24]
in data science and analytical

[Sales Agent 04:27]
domain, whenever you complete the program, the job role which you are
already doing its like differentialities or data analytics or a data
inclusion or a user scientist. So I believe since you are already a
senior data analyst, we need data signing and analytical domain is not
for you. We can opt for the a IML domain.

[Customer 04:47]
Okay Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:49]
Now when you come to a INL domain that is machine IDC intelligence, we
have various programs that we have a masters program, we have a
postgraduate program, so wherein close to 20 plus tools are being
taught. So I will just give you the tool and then I will take you to
the generator every first one which I told you that is a 4 credit
program which is for 13 months. The tools that will be going through
in this particular program is Python,

[Sales Agent 05:16]
My SQL Tableau

[Sales Agent 05:19]
saat just a minute

[Sales Agent 05:26]
Yeah. So as I informed you the school that will be going through in

[Sales Agent 05:33]
machine learning and A I will be Panda Escort Life Nampai NLDK that is
central language 1C born. He learns that model, Open CV Okay that API.
So you have the various tools and there are various generative A I
tools which will be covered in this program which is Mid Journey,

[Sales Agent 05:56]
Abhi Pay and Dell E2

[Sales Agent 05:59]
Okay. Now this is a procedure program wherein you will be covering
various programming language and tools plus the generality I proof.
Now since you have openly mentioned to me that you are looking for a
generative A I program, so we have a feustic program that is Advanced
Certificate Programming generality A I wherein you will be that is a
program which is for 5.

[Customer 06:19]
Months Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:22]
And this program will be specifically learning about the generality
right tools wherein we will be learning about

[Sales Agent 06:30]
Cheque, GPT, journey, hugging, Pay Delhi to Open A I

[Sales Agent 06:38]
and Stoma. There are the second generator tools which will be covered
in this. Along with that, we also offer you some programming language
tools like Python, slash excel, panda and NLD.

[Customer 06:49]
CL.

[Sales Agent 06:51]
So this particular program, the first benefit which I want to inform
you is that since we are working professional, you might be having
time constraint right?

[Customer 07:00]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:01]
Yeah, so thats why we understand and the learning will be a in a
blended form. When I say blended, it is that a combination of life
plus recorded lecture?

[Customer 07:11]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:12]
Okay, the live mixer usually happens on weekend that is Sunday.
Saturday and Sunday depends nearly on Saturday. May be on Saturday and
the timing for the rises will be morning 8:00 to 10 and evening 8:00
to 10.

[Customer 07:26]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:28]
Now in both the slots the same topic will be covered. The reason we
are given 2 slots is that if at all you are not free in the morning,
you can go for the evening clock.

[Customer 07:37]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:39]
Because we believe Sunday is the only day when you might be giving
time to your family. So there can be some time with anything also. So
accordingly, whichever time you are free, you can attend the live
loan, Sir.

[Customer 07:49]
Okay Now if.

[Sales Agent 07:50]
At all on some Sunday. You are not free for the whole day. No worries,
if you miss a live lecture, the lecture is completely completely
recorded and that will be shared with you on your email. So whenever
you are free the next coming day, you can watch it.

[Customer 08:02]
And understand Okay.

[Sales Agent 08:05]
Okay Now this live lectures will be taken by industry professor Okay

[Sales Agent 08:11]
sorry industry expert. So the reason we are giving industry experts in
the liveless series that since we are also working professional you
might be very you know useful to this use to this that

[Sales Agent 08:23]
college or a university professor can lead to what is Python And the
basis of Python.

[Sales Agent 08:29]
But when it comes to the application, for example even if you are
looking for gender tool may be chat details. So on a YouTube video you
can learn what is chat GPU, but it when it comes to the application
that how to use this particular tool in your current job or how these
tools are used in the market or industry. Expert is well aware about
that since he is working in the same tool in the current industry
right?

[Customer 08:52]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 08:53]
So in this private lecture, which industry expert will help you to
understand the implementation of how the tools which you are learning,
how to implement that particular tool in the current market, when
tomorrow you are going to work on that linear job?

[Customer 09:09]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:10]
Yeah, so from Monday to Saturday you will be having the recorded
version of the lecture which you need to go through. That is your self
studied time. Again from Monday to Saturday we have daily doubt
resolution session. What happened is everyday morning from 8 to 10

[Sales Agent 09:27]
and evening time this session goes on. It is not compulsory for you to
attend the session. So for example, we understand that any learner who
is working will be studying either before office in the morning or
late in the evening after coming from office

[Sales Agent 09:43]
that okay we have given this tour. Thanks slots for doubtful session
session. So what happens is, for example on Monday if you are going
through a video and if you come across that do you have any doubt?
Then you can go through the session. There will be a teacher who is
available.

[Sales Agent 09:56]
You can, after a doubt, tell you a doubt and come back and continue
your study.

[Customer 10:01]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:02]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:03]
So all the day 2 of the week will be provided a TPN assistant wherein
you want feel that you are going to just watching the movie and trying
to understand me. If at all you have doubt, you can clear it then and
there and.

[Customer 10:14]
Go ahead, Okay

[Customer 10:16]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:17]
I will explain from Monday to Saturday you will be having the recorded
lecture and on Sunday you will be having the line lecture. Any doubt
up till now whatever I have given you.

[Customer 10:26]
No, no, no, no.

[Sales Agent 10:29]
And along with this we have various career software program which will
be offered to you. Since 3 you are looking for this particular
Australian. You are investing your money and time so you might be
having looking for outcome right? If I have to, what is the outcome
you are looking after? Scaling yourself? What would be your?

[Customer 10:47]
Answer

[Customer 10:49]
just click the same person.

[Customer 10:51]
Sorry like professional job change for the date.

[Sales Agent 10:56]
Exactly. So every individual who is investing you know before her time
and money into the program, he is looking for outcome either in terms
of a good job, a good salary package or a good company wherein he can
place himself and his career is going good for next coming down the
line and to 15 years, right.

[Sales Agent 11:17]
So we understand that and that's why we offer you various career

[Sales Agent 11:21]
software program. So upgrade has upgrade on placement portal where
there are more than 500 plus company has top companies. So these are
all top tier one.

[Customer 11:31]
Companies Okay, Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:34]
So whenever

[Sales Agent 11:36]
100 digit program they will help you make your resume and link in ID
with the help of a I tool and then we will place your responsible from
wherein you will be getting various vacancies which you can apply for.

[Customer 11:48]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:50]
You will also be getting a mock interview that is just in time mock
interview. So what happens is whenever your interview schedule in any
particular company, exactly one day before that update will provide
you a mock interview wherein one of our experts will take your
interview and then help you understand where you went wrong, what you
did good and what are the areas improvement.

[Customer 12:10]
Okay Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:12]
How to I have I believe that I have given you 60 to 70% of the
information about the program to give you a better insight about the
tools, about the curriculum, about the learning hours and how is the
learning platform looks. I would you know like to take around 30 to
fortyfive minutes of your time. Whenever you are free you can just
inform your time accordingly. I will check my calendar, I will block
my calendar and send you a invite for a video call, a Google mail.

[Sales Agent 12:38]
When what I can do is I can stare my screen and while sharing my
screen I can brief you through the different tools you will be
learning briefly through the curriculum. Gripy expert who will be
teaching you and also the certificate of your certificate will look
and various outcome that you will be getting after completion of the
program.

[Customer 12:56]
Okay Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:59]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 13:00]
Can you provide me any?

[Customer 13:01]
So can I call you on the same number after sometime?

[Sales Agent 13:05]
Actually this is my system generate number so I will just ring you
from my WhatsApp and I will also give you a call from.

[Customer 13:11]
Your social insurance

[Customer 13:13]
in WhatsApp also it will be yeah,

[Customer 13:17]
sure, sure, sure.

[Sales Agent 13:19]
It was really nice talking to you. And by the way, thank you and have
a good day. Yeah. Thank you.

[Customer 13:25]
Sure, sure. Thank you.
