[Customer 00:00]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello. See. Hai Varsha.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Varsha, Akhil. Yeah. Thank you so much. So Varsha, yeah, as you want
to connect, right. So just wanted to check, Varsha, what exactly are
you exploring with a friend so that I can take this forward
accordingly? Yeah.

[Customer 00:19]
Sure. So I want to upskill in a IML domain

[Customer 00:24]
looking for the process.

[Sales Agent 00:26]
Okay. So before I suggest you because we have different range of
courses starting from a certification to a PC and the mask.

[Sales Agent 00:36]
Sir, could you please help me out with your profile because that would
help me a lot in suggesting you the right program.

[Customer 00:42]
Okay so I have completed B tech in

[Customer 00:47]
Information Sense Engineering

[Customer 00:50]
and currently I am working. I have 2 years work experience

[Customer 00:55]
in and I am software engineer one.

[Customer 00:59]
So yeah, so I want the upskill and change my, you know, profile.

[Sales Agent 01:05]
Right, so you have done your bachelors in computer science and
engineering and you are working as a software engineering one right?
How many years of experience? 2 years Okay thats great And there is an
eligibility criteria Washa. I hope you have a passing percentage more
than 50 right in your passenger.

[Customer 01:23]
Yeah, I have that.

[Sales Agent 01:24]
That's perfect. Great. And I just just been 2 years in the industry
few right. So what is what is the motivation of the driving factor
that you are planning for this a IML upskilling on your profile?

[Customer 01:38]
Because I have worked on few a MA projects back in college and I had
interest. Yeah

[Customer 01:44]
so and then currently I am not working on anything related to it. So I
thought if I could ask you in that domain and get a job

[Customer 01:52]
related to it so I could work better.

[Sales Agent 01:55]
I mean, if you don't mind, what are the current technologies that you
are working in?

[Customer 02:01]
Currently we work on Duncans and and like mostly like testing work.

[Sales Agent 02:07]
So we have 2.

[Customer 02:08]
Products and company. So we will have to test for the performance and
then we will have to analyse all that and then.

[Sales Agent 02:15]
Understandable. Yeah, you felt that you analyse that and you give a
report. Perfect. So I mean, that's completely understandable. So you
want to get back from that? I mean you want to move into a INML,
right?

[Sales Agent 02:29]
So I mean any reasons, I mean you are not satisfied with the job or
the project that you are working in or or is it only about the bus?
Yeah.

[Customer 02:38]
It is quite redundant and you know, monotonous, so I just want to
change that.

[Sales Agent 02:42]
Yes, yes, yes. I quit here a lot from the people, I mean from the
testing background, no worry. So see I will definitely help you on
that. So one thing Varsha, I mean this is out of curiosity. So where
you clean down to upgrade as a platform right?

[Sales Agent 03:00]
Anyone recommended you regarding Upgrad? Or was it your own research
coming to Upgrad? Or what exactly was that?

[Customer 03:07]
I

[Customer 03:07]
I have seen the add on TV actually I think you guys have partnered
with Shark Tank, right so.

[Sales Agent 03:14]
Yes, we are into shark.

[Customer 03:15]
Tank watching? Yeah, so interesting.

[Sales Agent 03:19]
Right, right. Thats great. Thats great. Perfect. So thats how you were
aware of upgraded. So is it only about an ad or may be aware of
upgraded as a platform actually what we deliver, what we do or do you
want to help you out? Yeah.

[Customer 03:33]
Like you guys help in courses and all of that right for up.

[Sales Agent 03:36]
To yeah. So we are more than stack water. So now we are locations,
global leader where we actually

[Sales Agent 03:44]
collaborated with the universities to deliver the programs, right. So
lets take, because I dont want to be giving my pitch regarding that,
but I want to understand your expectations. So lets take, if I suggest
you a proper a I&ML course, right, what you want to move your carrier
because it's something where the industry is completely moving into
right, the market is moving into. So what your expectations are Varsha

[Sales Agent 04:13]
so that I can help you accordingly.

[Customer 04:16]
Like

[Customer 04:18]
I want a quote that is like not long term not more than a year and

[Customer 04:27]
mostly like if it is recorded classes and like together also it will
be fine. I think I checked one of your brochures and it had that

[Customer 04:40]
apart from that like

[Customer 04:42]
below I I dont know like the fees. Also I have checked for few of your
courses its slightly on the higher range. So I thought like if it if
its for the certification I would like to keep it you know below
5,00,000 or 3,00,000 something like that.

[Sales Agent 04:59]
Okay okay That is fine. That is manageable. Dont worry Okay, you want
to get it below 5 so that is manageable. Don't worry. Yeah, and for
sure.

[Customer 05:09]
And also like I had this dilemma whether I should take up a masters
course or like you know certification type of course because I dont
know values right because.

[Sales Agent 05:24]
You are now just with 2 years right Vaushala, don't go for masters
now. I I recommend you at a personal loan take experience first in the
market now into a annumble right. We have the masters degree as good
as an offline one where it is as good as you are going to. You can
getting this master

[Sales Agent 05:41]
but if you are open for it right if you are in a dilemma of doing it
or not of Ms, don't worry about it. Learning

[Sales Agent 05:50]
at learning into a INML first get an experience in that so you can
come back. You can convert the program into an Ms by giving next 6
months of time okay that is something manageable don't worry right?
Yeah, yeah. And please are some of your expectations or any others to
please let me know what?

[Customer 06:10]
Yeah, and also about the Placements will get like will upgrade itself
help in placements or like they will give an opportunity for me to get
an interview.

[Sales Agent 06:21]
End to end that is that is completely taken care will give you that
clarity too much Sir, right. Yeah, that is something I will take care
of. Yeah, perfect. So got your expectations versus what exactly your
intentions are in terms of your upskilling or in terms of your
movement, in terms of your end to end strategy towards that. So let me
introduce you to the program. I hope you have looked into one of our
program which is actually a post graduation

[Sales Agent 06:49]
right. That's how that is perfectly designed for you as a working
professional watcher, right, Where it is designed N2 N4 working
professionals because you are not a, you are not a graduate lawyer.
Now you go for a college and get this plan right. So you look for a
flexibility, convenience. So that is something upgrade has been
matured over the years over the ticket now, right. So that is designed

[Sales Agent 07:15]
for you

[Sales Agent 07:16]
where it's a post graduation was up equivalent to PG diploma from one
of the rapid universities in India which is triple IT Bangalore. I
hope you heard about the university right. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 07:31]
Oh, you live in Bangalore itself, so it's an electronic city. Yeah,
Varsha Hostel Road, Yeah. So this is a 13 month Instagram, so lets the
expectation of more than not more than a year. So it's getting
matched. It's a 13 months program. Okay. Where it is going to be end
to when

[Sales Agent 07:53]
you need to give your time commitment 15 hours in a week, okay 15
hours time commitment is going to be blended. Again. You have both the
pre recorded lectures and the live lectures too. So how that is going
to work right So that is a plenal experience Monday to Friday we
understand you are a working professor. We don't want to hamper your
calendar from Monday to Friday. You will have for self teased learning
pre recorded lectures

[Sales Agent 08:21]
delivered by the faculty of Triple IT Bangalore right

[Sales Agent 08:26]
and Saturday Sundays you will have the live delivery of lectures
washer and these are from the industry experts and the leaders with
already 101520 years of experience right? Let us take ML Architects a
I architects Principal group Engineering managers, Directors of the
industry. They will be connecting with you for this live classes. So
it's it's you will be working on a practical side right? Because MLN
dia is this curriculum, when you compare

[Sales Agent 08:54]
85% of the program goes on a practical edge Okay that is going to give
your different roller coaster experience. What? Why? The reason as in
this 13 months of journey, this PG diploma right will almost work on
20 plus programming languages, tools and libraries right? So you will
be giving us cloud access from upgraded players access. You do not
need to pay anything for that extra Okay included. So where you

[Sales Agent 09:26]
see now lets take. Now you are working into

[Sales Agent 09:29]
2 years experience. You are into the testing. Now you want to make a
transition Varsha right? Lets take tomorrow you are targeting ML
engineer or Chennai engineer positions. Obviously they look for your
what expertise you hold right? So here just 13 months of journey in
November Sir you will work on almost 15 plus case settings,
assignments and the projects. So which are actually not dummy or pudo
projects version.

[Customer 09:57]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:57]
So that is going to build your GitHub, your Kegel profile, I mean your
technology profile right. How do you brand yourself that placement
this is going to impact. I will take this on a later on stage how this
is going to impact. So coming to this learning experience right So
lets take you learn from Monday to Friday at Sir at a self paced one
right. But lets see Akhil I have a doubt on Wednesday, do you guys
want me to wait till Saturday, Sunday to clear it out? Dont worry you
have

[Sales Agent 10:28]
everyday Monday to Sunday everyday which are flexible for a working
professional. Again which is your pre working hours version? Morning
7:00 to 9? Okay

[Sales Agent 10:38]
and evening 8:00 to 11 so daily 4 to 5 hours of doubt resolution
sessions which is going to be happening on one on one basis right? So
lets take. Now you have a doubt on MLM large language model. You want
to clear that out. You can directly join that you have a subject match
expert. You can clear your doubt. You can leave the link okay. So that

[Sales Agent 10:58]
first thing and coming to the learning part, right. So this curriculum
number Sir we have almost completed 65 plus successful packages.

[Sales Agent 11:10]
He has been doing it from 2016 17 itself where we have proud alumni
close to 15,000 now the largest alumni bees in India at the moment
into a NML. So what is the reason thats why I I want to give a clarity
right. So this 13 months of a journey, November Sir, first 5 months
you will build your foundation end to and into the algorithms happened
algorithms, regression modules, right?

[Sales Agent 11:37]
You start with math. I mean the prep sentent has already released. We
do start with mathematics right? So mathematics is a piece and you
work on statistics, you open Python. So how proficient are you in
Python worship on a scale of one to 10?

[Customer 11:53]
Around 6.

[Sales Agent 11:54]
So that is

[Sales Agent 11:56]
so that is fine but you need to brush up that 5 penses right? So you
already have that. I will we have released that content on Python. So
you will be working till 29th of February on that Python programming
part. You will be revamping that and the next first 5 months you will
be building this bank and then you have people learning getting
covered version. Its not that you go for a basic level of
understanding ML&DIR if this part.

[Sales Agent 12:23]
Let us say deep learning. You open Tiffin neural networks,
conventional neural network, recurrent neural network and post that
you work on NLP, Natural language processing where you work on syntax
rate, semantic processing, texture to text, voice to voice, chatbots
and all that stuff right. So that is the common curriculum till 8th
month. Vaisa everyone has the same curriculum till 8 months, right?

[Sales Agent 12:49]
There comes the 2 specializations you can choose because you cannot
keep the ZAP of all the plates right? So we want our learner to pee
the master of one first. So you have 2 women specialisations in the
market now which is generative. A I I hope you are hearing about it.
Lot of words in the market

[Sales Agent 13:07]
and second is ML ox proof machine learning option. So you can choose
any one of this and you will be spending almost 4 months on generative
electricity. Choose generative A I you work on open a I ChatGPT mid
journey tally to you build your own chat watch here you fill your own
models here okay yeah it is an AI models where you can a brand
yourself in your profile too. And the last month no Shreya the first
month itself will be starting with your case series assignment will be
evaluated

[Sales Agent 13:39]
but the last month it would be a nostalgia what you have done in
bachelors right a major project or something. So here you will be
doing the capstone project version Okay okay. So that is going to be a
one month project itself. Its a 13th month. Last month you will be
doing a caps on purchase. So this is about the learning part where you
will be mostly getting covered into it. But the major thing which I
want to highlight, right,

[Sales Agent 14:06]
are you planning to offer the policeman too? Right. That was your
question. So don't worry on that. I will give you a clarity here
because there are 2 strategies which are implemented with our client
and that So we have, we have been evaluated by our official auditor, I
mean, who is actually the largest auditing firm in the globe now who
is alert, right. So 10 alert actually ordered subgraded results what
Sir And out of every 6 learners who enroll for upgrad programs, right,

[Sales Agent 14:35]
5 out of them are getting a positive career growth okay. And on a
premium side when you compare because we have different programs in
these, we have special marketing, we have data science, but the
conclusion rate of this program is very high. The program completion
rate of a I&ML is 90%, right. So how this program is going to give you
that placement and the adjournment, not just the placement with the
highest toe. The average salary height of this program is 52%.

[Sales Agent 15:07]
Okay yeah and just wanted to check if you don't mind what is the
current bracket that you are sitting at Washa at the moment.

[Customer 15:15]
I am receiving around 9 RP right.

[Sales Agent 15:19]
Now

[Sales Agent 15:20]
you are setting that you know right freshers now into a I number. They
are starting around 8 to 10 ltn R right? So you can check it out in
class. Store 2010 the trusted courses too. So where you can easily get
that edge you can look for a not only a position into ML but with a
better salary height too.

[Sales Agent 15:39]
So that is something you can easily get. How that works right? We have
the strategies Maam now you have lets take for the first 56 months you
have built the foundation into ML right? You dont need to wait till 13
months to get into the placement Sir that is not going to happen
without current. So from the 6th month no worship we will be giving
you a career mentor right. So how this career mentoring works? No
first it starts with your soft skills right. Skills of the
communication skills tattoo also covered and you will be getting the
career coach who is

[Sales Agent 16:14]
actually certified by Anti of at least for 1015 years of experience in
the market

[Sales Agent 16:18]
right. So they will be connecting with you on a one on one basis
WhatsApp and will be understanding what your expectations are. Lets
take your expectation is you want to get into ML engineer a I engineer
position. You are planning some companies here you have bucket list of
companies right Now lets take you need to give that complete
preferences. I am sitting at this LPAI am planning for this. How
should I make my move? Because to get into a job you dont need to
learn entire 13 months,

[Sales Agent 16:48]
you know how the work, how the market works right.

[Sales Agent 16:52]
So now you need to give that preference. You will be getting a
complete individual development plan it is called it is called IDT
with upgrade. So this individual development plan version,

[Sales Agent 17:04]
you will have that unique development plan and also they will be
taking your test industrial awareness assessment because we need to
roll out your performance to our hiring partners also, right?

[Sales Agent 17:14]
Correct. So how? How

[Sales Agent 17:16]
that works right You will be evaluated from the first month itself.
Also you will work for different data sets. Lets take you work for GP
mogin series data sets. I mean these are only official hiring
partners. So indirectly you are working for our official hiring
partners only. So what happens from the 6th month what you are
mentioning your you are open for the job market. They will give you a
exclusive job opportunities portal version.

[Sales Agent 17:42]
Okay, okay you can apply for N number of job. There is no cashier.
There is no restriction first thing and to give you that credibility
part, what is the job portal really gives you that edge because you
are you are skipping almost all the competition and lengthen and
naukari or whatever the platforms are right? So you have this
exclusive job opportunities portal where you have 3% global password
version Okay and when I want to be transparent and we have official
hiring partners of 300 to 500.

[Sales Agent 18:14]
So when I mentioned the term official hiring partners, these companies
give mandates to upgrade,

[Sales Agent 18:22]
right. I hope you have the mandate and agreements and all so that we
have with the reciting partners what happens right. So you can lets
take now how the job placement happens right with upgraded. Now you
applied for a job. So before applying the job you know right a TS is a
key thing in in the corporate

[Sales Agent 18:41]
application tracking process, correct? They will check your key is
objectives, your resume, your power letters and everything. It is
appropriate or not to sitting shortlisted. Do you think HR get into
that much of logic checking the resume and shortlisting? At no right
they just use this tool a TS correct. So your profile will be
completely reached

[Sales Agent 19:05]
starting from your social profiles. What are your social profiles?
Your your LinkedIn right and your coverlit your resume. You will have
a dedicated a I forward profile buildup. CI mean without help of
career coach. Lets check you build a resume you will get the points
how well it is designed or not. Out of 10 it is 5 or 6. You will get a
feedback how to build your SMA. You will get a power filter also air
power profile filter

[Sales Agent 19:34]
Sudesha Sir we are getting cleared of ETF right And now second part is
see HR interview is very basic but the second is majorly technical
interview. The recruiter technical recruiter correct who is going to
end on board you as a ML engineer. So lets take now you have an
interview scheduled version with Microsoft. Okay and now obviously
because you are completely coming from a different background.

[Sales Agent 20:04]
Right now you would be somewhat skeptical right what Microsoft would
be expecting from you as an individual correct. So dont worry on that.
Lets take we have the interview for this Sunday right? As a we have a
scheduled interview for the Sunday. What we do with right? You need to
request this as a service we give you just in time interview support
also.

[Sales Agent 20:31]
So what is this just in time interview support? Nova Asha you. Once
you raise a request to the student support team, the placement support
team, they will be aligned you with a hiring manager from Microsoft,

[Sales Agent 20:45]
right? You will be connect with connecting with him. You know one or
one pieces for a mock interview. So

[Sales Agent 20:51]
what just gives you an adjacent individual is you will be analyzed
into vendor from from basic to a master level. You will be taking this
mock interview and you will be getting a personalized feedback. Also
how well you are prepared or molded right? So that would give you a
boost to your actual interview right? So this is not done from ABHI.
Entire placement services are named

[Sales Agent 21:15]
because that would get his name for where these are actually taken
care from the industry itself for sure Okay. So thats something which
I want to highlight. So now lets see the interview is done and
obviously for how that you get into it. So any questions till now I
will take a pause here Question. Yeah, so.

[Customer 21:34]
I have few questions like you mentioned about Python, right? It has
started or something, so the batch is already started or like.

[Sales Agent 21:42]
No Varsha the patch the main patch is getting started from 29th of
February Okay so we have released this pre content on this Monday. Do
you just 2 days delayed? Yeah but not too much delayed. Thats it. So
there is a 30 hours of prep content before our main courses. So where
just 30 hours of content will help you on Python, okay, Python And its
libraries right Lambai, pandas and all the things and mathematics. So
basic aship ray and all the things it will be getting served again.

[Customer 22:17]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 22:19]
And your main course, your main batch will be starting from 29th of
February. You will have your first in the first week of March, you
will have the induction from Triple IT Bangalore and you will be
starting with your life classes, live classes and the courses and
everything. Yes.

[Customer 22:33]
Okay and the life classes will also be recorded right? Like in I am
not able to attend and then no attendance or something.

[Sales Agent 22:43]
See, attendance is not there. But what I recommend you at a personal
loan because I have I missed a counselor is not just for the
admission. It's like 30 months of journey

[Sales Agent 22:52]
right? So I recommend you at a personal loan to attend this life
lecture. It would be late evening itself. Dont worry Sir, it is late
evenings. But its a planned because you will connect with different.
What do you say the wife of walking professional? Because the average
age group of his batch right the learners batch would be 6 to 1415
years. You will sit to next to even people with 2025 years directors,
leaders will be joining the same batch, right

[Sales Agent 23:22]
Okay. So it's a blend for you to network with the people.

[Sales Agent 23:28]
I hope you're getting this. Yeah, so but yes, it's not mandatory that
you need to attend and do it, but we will have the recording also. It
you can look forward for that recording also.

[Customer 23:40]
Okay sure and the certificate that I will be getting after the 13
months will be from 888.

[Sales Agent 23:46]
Bangalore so there is no mention of online or upgrades from see that
is the authentication by people or the levelers come for upgraded
right? So this is a formal PG which is accepted by UGC&AICT Okay. So
now how is your bachelors is right? Which university you are from your
bachelor

[Sales Agent 24:06]
VTU. So now you are adding a PGPG diploma at you from 888 t Bangalore.
So we are just a technology partner Okay. Your end to end career
services, integration of experts, connecting with you, networking with
the people that is completely taken care by upgraded okay. So after 13
months you will be receiving transcripts. Okay

[Sales Agent 24:32]
PG and everything directly from Triple IT and you will be a proud
alumni of Triple IT Bangalore version Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:39]
So even convocation ceremony apps happens on the university. So if you
want to go, you can visit on campus for your conversation and you can
attend the convocation ceremony. You can take the transcription
everything.

[Customer 24:52]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:53]
Okay, no okay. I am fine to get it at my doorstep. You can get that
too.

[Customer 24:57]
Yeah, the classes will be online completely.

[Sales Agent 25:00]
Online completely online because my learners are working professionals
and are what you say. It's a it's not only accepted in as PG in India
version.

[Sales Agent 25:12]
I want to give a credibility that my PG is accepted as PG diploma in
Canada and 100 under the countries across. I have international cohort
running for the same program. So what happens right you will. I hope
you are aware of West right? World Education Services.

[Sales Agent 25:29]
No, What is the stress, right? How UGC is there in India, right. So
West is the body, the international body, who accepts your degree. Is
it alleged or not?

[Sales Agent 25:39]
So my PG is accepted as PG diploma. We give you 3610 point in Indian
equivalency Okay which are accepted as one trade points in each year.
Tamil, European, USUK, European countries

[Sales Agent 25:54]
where 110 credit points from Triple IT Bangalore and after doing the
13 months compared to upgraded any point of time after 2 months, 3
months, one year, 2 years or you want to do immediately you give your
next 6 months you will get a proper Ms booking version from UK
university. It is as good as exactly doing it from the university
itself. It's from Liverpool University.

[Sales Agent 26:20]
Yeah so people spend 50, 60,00,000 going abroad and they are living
expenses altogether right And cutting of their job going there. You
dont need to do anything. You just give me to the next 6 months of
time or triple ITV phase. Its purely research. Please search We will
connect with the TC supervisors from Liverpool University. I will be
completing your this part also Varsha.

[Customer 26:43]
Okay. So this is the Masters course.

[Sales Agent 26:45]
That is the Ms degree. Yeah Masters degree

[Sales Agent 26:49]
which is another 6 months after your 13 months, 13 plus sixes 19
months Varsha. So I am not recommending you the masters at the moment,
thats what. Yeah, yeah.

[Sales Agent 27:01]
Any questions here Varsha? I mean one minute.

[Customer 27:09]
Yeah I think thats it for now.

[Sales Agent 27:12]
Okay, thats great. So how did you feel it? I mean any questions? How
did you find it?

[Customer 27:19]
Like I liked it because I am actually I went through many other
portals also for like before upgraded and I did not get this kind of
you know explanation like how you have.

[Sales Agent 27:33]
Difference. Yeah. Okay, Thank you for.

[Customer 27:37]
That, yeah. And also I like the course as well.

[Sales Agent 27:40]
So how one thing right,

[Sales Agent 27:42]
how to be started, yeah, I will give that clarity. So before that see
this program right Watcher, I want to give that directly because now
there are many players in the market I I will be transparent on that.
So who are actually new to the market. So even IIT is are starting
that but they are starting their new batches but upgraded with triple
IT, right. We have completed 65 plus batches where it is already
matured. So what we call it right is the reverse engineering
technique. So what industry is expecting from you? Right.

[Sales Agent 28:13]
As in Indonesian. So that's how this curriculum is designed. What?
Right. So yeah, please, please go ahead.

[Customer 28:21]
And I have one more doubt, like you said 3000 global partners for
hiring, right?

[Customer 28:29]
So like will there be an opportunity where I can apply for abroad also
for your job?

[Sales Agent 28:34]
Not with this, with this PG,

[Sales Agent 28:37]
CP, GS will help you with your Indian opportunities for sure. But if
you want to target abroad you university abroad companies you want to
move that you need to get this master that is going to add value
right? So Ms Will Ms degree will help you with your abroad
opportunities also over Sir?

[Customer 28:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:59]
Yes, yeah.

[Customer 29:02]
Alright.

[Sales Agent 29:03]
Yeah, so because obviously because once once you get an Ms degree, you
know it is as good as you are doing, you doing it from UK itself. No,
there is no mention of online or upgraded. So that would give your
boost for your visa, your PR thing first thing that would give you
that H and the best approval digging would give you the H for global
opportunities too. They dont check it that you have done it in online
or upgraded.

[Sales Agent 29:28]
We will check for your best approval where best approval says that you
have done it directly from UK related right. So even in US or Canada
or any countries right it is accepted as a masters degree. So that is
going to give an edge if you are planning for a opportunity in offer
auto.

[Customer 29:47]
Okay. And that will be around 13 + 6, so that's 19 months.

[Sales Agent 29:54]
13th or 6 months, Yeah.

[Customer 29:56]
That will also be online.

[Sales Agent 29:57]
Completely online. It's also the next 6 months you need to spend and
then you can. So thats how you can target the abroad opportunities to
very easily because that makes think also right that you have an Ms
and that would give you a boost for your abroad opportunities too.
That we will help you out in your placement and all this. So you
should maintain it. Yeah, some legit CGP and all the things that is
taken care from our end, yeah.

[Customer 30:25]
Okay, so like if I want to aim for abroad so

[Customer 30:31]
company so the placement will be done from your side.

[Sales Agent 30:34]
And all.

[Customer 30:36]
Okay, okay, alright. And can I get the clarity on the fee structure
between the both?

[Sales Agent 30:44]
Normal, see there is Ms degree, right Varsha, if you compare it to an
offline one, lets take, if you want to do an Ms, lets take
organically, I mean you want to do it offline,

[Sales Agent 30:56]
you need to attach your job or any help to you, right. I needed to
take loans and you need to go abroad. So that is going to incur lot of
opportunity cost, right. So going with a online, I mean there is no
minister of online where you are doing it from upgraded. So you are
going to cost almost 1/10 of it, right. So that masters degree would
be costing you 5,60,000 inclusive of all the taxes and GST Varsha
right?

[Customer 31:23]
It.

[Sales Agent 31:23]
Is 19 months Sir no fill. I want to go with the PG. You need to only
pay 3,35,000 inclusive of further tax. Recall GST.

[Customer 31:34]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 31:36]
So

[Sales Agent 31:36]
right So what I see, even if you want to convert this PG into an MLS
you dont need to pay completely 5,00,060 again you need to pay the
differential amount.

[Sales Agent 31:46]
Okay.

[Customer 31:48]
And I will be getting an additional certificate from the.

[Sales Agent 31:51]
Universal Ms degree directly Masters degree from Liverpool John MoJ
University straight away, but even next just 6 months thats it.

[Customer 32:01]
Yeah, extra will I be getting from that university just to that
university.

[Sales Agent 32:06]
Is completely what what do you do in Ms Worship, obviously you need to
work on the key sales right. So obviously that

[Sales Agent 32:14]
that is how you will be getting an Ms degree validation also right?

[Sales Agent 32:17]
So lets see we will be giving the problem statement. Yes tell but lets
take if you have your own thoughts. Until I have this thought of a
problem statement I want to work up on it. We will help you on that
also right So that 6 months right will have a one is to one thesis.
Supervision will be connecting with the faculty of Liverpool John
Watch University, one of the oldest universities in UK. Prominent
universities in UK.

[Sales Agent 32:42]
That 6 months right? So first you will work on 2 months. Masters is a
tuition 2 months and the last 4 months right version you will work on
the the thesis and all the stuff and once that thesis is successfully
submitted, dont worry because you are a working professional you need
help. So that is where we will help you with the thesis supervisor. I
mean technical supervisors when I mentioned this. You will connect
with the industry. Experts will be helping you with your supervision
of Jesus

[Sales Agent 33:11]
you submitted. You will be avoided with a masters degree as good as an
offline one and even you can fly to UK with this. MSI think its
optional. Actually okay its not mandatory but until I want to fly to
UK there is a immersion program for one week. Vaishnava, okay, okay
you can go on campus for one week. We will be arranging the
facilitation ceremony over there and you will have the what you say.
You connect with the faculty of Liverpool. You will be connecting with
your peers. Also

[Sales Agent 33:43]
you are working professionals bash right? You will be connecting with
them and food, accommodation. Everything will be taking care by
upgrade over there. You need to just pay your flight charges and your
visa,

[Sales Agent 33:56]
so that is going to cost you additional 2,00,000.

[Customer 33:59]
Okay. Fine. This is J for Z for dental or first connecting the degree
like how you mentioned the Kitna ID monthly.

[Sales Agent 34:07]
Sorry.

[Customer 34:09]
Like

[Customer 34:11]
for the convocation you mentioned, right? For Triple IT Bangalore, is
it the same that you are mentioning the one week immersion week or
just?

[Sales Agent 34:18]
Like that week 888 Bangalore, there is no immersion actually. But
there. I mean university invites you for a conversation if you are
open. If you are near to Bangalore, you are obviously in Bangalore,
right? You can go. There is no charge for that convocation. You dont
need to pay anything

[Sales Agent 34:33]
for this side. I mean this is a immersion for UK. If you want to fight
UK thats something is optional. I dont recommend you at the moment but
if you are in your 40 and 15 months actually I want to travel to UK,
you want you let me know I will get that and also that is not a
problem

[Sales Agent 34:51]
yeah yeah yeah.

[Customer 34:54]
Okay and any difference like I heard about the TV source how I like I
wanted to do Ms from long time so when you told me about this so my
mind is little inclined towards.

[Sales Agent 35:10]
You are inclined towards dont worry but that's also your budget you
are thinking about right? I understand. Don't worry Varsha because I
am your counselor. So you obviously if you are liking the program you
will be helping with some reference too, right? I mean you can tell
some

[Sales Agent 35:26]
of your friends in future not immediately expecting that but yes if
you are really looking for an Ms right

[Sales Agent 35:32]
I can help you with this. Whatever you are asking for discounts or
scholarship will get that done right. So because currently we are into
a the shaft tank and all the things right so we are running that
scholarship of Shark Tank 2 and one eligibility and all the melt
right. If the religion if you get an offer letter will I will give you
a confirmation of that whatever you are fine with. So what I recommend
You know WhatsApp. I will recommend you take the admission for
masters. Now lets take

[Sales Agent 36:01]
both the universities. You need to pay 25,000 only the fee recession
amount either for PG or Ms Okay. Let's say lets check on the virtual
meat washer. Lets do the eligibility test and pay 25,000 Okay. I will
give you the scholarship confirmation everything So take 7 days of
time post that start with your content. Let me know. Actually I am
fine with the Ms only will do that Ms itself. Also I will I will get
your Ms done No Akil. You can let me know before 29th of April 1st Sir

[Sales Agent 36:33]
Akhil I am fine with Ms itself. Lets go for Ms we will get that done.
Or else if you want to convert that Ms into a PGI will get that
accordingly done version that is not a problem. Okay.

[Customer 36:46]
And in the explanation that you have given for KG like, is there
anything that is different in Ms or like as?

[Sales Agent 36:52]
See, even if someone wants to do an Ms, no they need to complete the
first second months from TG itself. There is no difference.

[Sales Agent 37:00]
I want you to understand. So that's Okay. There is no debt Ms the Ms
of 19 months, right? It is divided into 2 paces. Very simple. I will
give you a name and understanding. First thing is triple IT which is
purely technical fees, right? The last 6 months it is purely research
fees from Liverpool John Marsh University.

[Customer 37:22]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 37:23]
Right, that's it. There is no differentiation. So even if someone
wants to learn Ms they need to mandatory get one thing, create
sloppers. So thats so we will get the eligibility for Liverpool
exactly. There is no intake for Liverpool right? So we need to submit
our panclips to Liverpool that you have awarded the Peach correct?
Once that is done you will be intaking for Liverpool for the next 6
months. Thats it.

[Customer 37:47]
Okay. And considering the recession happening abroad right now.

[Sales Agent 37:53]
Yeah.

[Customer 37:54]
So what was the placement ratio like of your last batch for m?

[Sales Agent 37:59]
S if you if you ask me the placement reissued right? Its not something
that people I I want to give that clarity here. Whats up Okay not
every MSL emmer is looking for an opportunity in abroad my learner
batch. I want to give that clarity. Someone wants to keep that Ms
degree as their title right? Someone is already a leader

[Sales Agent 38:20]
with 20 years who is already there. Sir, just want to keep an MMS
degree, right? So I want to give that clarity on that. If you are
planning for an abroad movement, right, we will help you on that. We
will give that, see what happened right. Apart from this hiring
partners version, after being the South Indians local leader, we have
acquired 2 professional recruiting agencies. HR recruiting agencies
know the platform as well to be done, Sir.

[Sales Agent 38:47]
One is Recruit India Private Limited, now it is upgraded Recruit
second is Wolf India Forward Map KA AD. So these 2 recruiting agencies
helps you with your internal placements.

[Sales Agent 38:59]
So that is something if you are planning for the abroad movement
right? So you need to also do it from your end where we will help you
with your end to end post also. So it's not that only till 19 months
will get that support. Don't worry, even after 19 months Varsha, you
will be an alumni of upgraded.

[Sales Agent 39:16]
You have 10,000,000 enrolled earners where you will be one of them
where you will be getting the job portal access right for lifetime.

[Sales Agent 39:26]
Thats an exclusive edge and the the what you what I have told you the
career support right Its not only till 19 months even of the program
completion next 6 months you will have the schedule support. So one
only thing which I want to give a clarity unless you are getting into
a satisfactory job role right

[Sales Agent 39:46]
upgrade will help you with your career services and to rent that is
for sure, yeah.

[Customer 39:52]
Okay. So like according to what my feeling about this Ms degree I had
just one simple question like suppose I want the job there like in
Canada or US for example and there is a company hiring there. So will
you help me to connect to that company for an interview as well?

[Sales Agent 40:16]
See, now let's speak. I mean definitely. Could you please elaborate
Sir?

[Customer 40:21]
Yeah, like support, there is a company hiring in US for an ML engineer
and so there is a vacancy there and will they hire to you like can I
be, can I get that job through you so I can move there from?

[Sales Agent 40:40]
That that's an interesting question because we have the hiring
partners, right. So

[Sales Agent 40:45]
we are starting from a startup page to our global MNC.

[Sales Agent 40:48]
If you see any 500 fortune companies right you have the alumni of
upgrade of 888 and Liverpool. So lets say now lets pick your
shortlist, trade and new company over there. You have an interest you
you want to take a support will get that done. You have you have this
just in time interview support right? You have the job cleanings and
from this one thing I have, I mean I have forgotten to mention every
15 days, right, you have personalized industry sessions.

[Sales Agent 41:16]
This is surely for your outcome Bill only what we do, right? It's
called one inch to age strategy. So where

[Sales Agent 41:24]
now you are sitting with 2 years? Now you come under one to 5 years of
experience. Perfect right? So we form a patch of life experience price
and you will be collecting with someone is already with 101520 years
of experience.

[Sales Agent 41:37]
So its a one is to well 8 guys you will be helping you with your end
to end. So now it's your major motivation is only to get into abroad
right Correct. That is where these people will help you what the
market is. So you need to get a complete clarity also right? So how
the market is going on, what opportunities they are looking into, what
positions. Lets take not only ML engineers. Gene I engineer, right or
a I engineer or you want to tip the event to different aspects. Deep
learning engineer,

[Sales Agent 42:08]
Computer vision engineer, This all comes under MLA itself, MLA itself,
right. So they will be helping you accordingly. Our career question is
there no who is up so they will be helping you? How you can make the
strategies to move them. You can get that done. Yeah, yeah yeah. So at
the end the mere motivation is Ms what you are going to do, right?
That would definitely help you with your abroad opportunities. But you
need to also give that edge of how you are prepared or not.

[Sales Agent 42:36]
See, our major motivation is to suit you. I mean to make you sit in
the interview right? So you need to prove how capable you are for that
organization to work right? I hope you got a clarity from my end for
this.

[Customer 42:51]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 42:51]
Yeah, yeah. So that is that is perfectly planned and that is perfectly
taking care by our prayer version. So now we are not only South Asia's
local leader, we are occupied globally. So that is why no we have even

[Sales Agent 43:05]
different university is B2, B university is collaborated As for our
study abroad program that is all together a different vertical so that

[Sales Agent 43:13]
so you have the global partner. So we will help you on this.

[Customer 43:17]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 43:17]
Yeah, yeah, so.

[Customer 43:19]
What will be the next procedure?

[Sales Agent 43:22]
So next procedure Varsha lets what we can do as right. Lets catch up
on a virtual need where we will be checking the eligibility part
first. There is a test so mandatory test from Ms So one the
eligibility test is met you will be receiving an offer letter where
you will be evaluated on your mathematics, aptitude and programming
site. Okay. Once this is done you will be getting an offer letter.
Once your offer letter is I mean you get it on your email

[Sales Agent 43:49]
you will be getting the confirmation that you are eligible for seat
reservation because unless you are getting shortlisted, upgrade cannot
help you with cancellation that is for sure. So once this is done you
need to only pay 25,000 per shop to reserve your seat okay. So once
the seat reservation is done I will help you with the confirmation of
scholarship. Also lets see once whatever lets take because it depends
on what mode you want to go with. I will give you the confirmation of
that too accordingly

[Sales Agent 44:20]
and you can complete the remaining balance via if you have a credit
card you can close it via it or you. So there are 2 modes wash up.
First is I mean you have a low cost EMI okay and there is a standard
based EMI. So how how would your payment methods would be? I mean how
you are comfortable with? Is it a no cost EMI?

[Customer 44:43]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 44:44]
No cost. EMI is only for 12 months,

[Sales Agent 44:47]
which would be somewhere close to 42 or 44,000 per month, right?
Without any interest. So would you be comfortable for it?

[Customer 44:56]
What about the other?

[Sales Agent 44:58]
Option is you have 18 months to 60 months of an EMI. This

[Sales Agent 45:03]
is you can start as low as possible to you can go for 60 months. Also
that you need you have 7 days of time you can take time how you want
to figure it out. So if you want to go with 18 to 60 months of an EMI,
it's a flat interest rate of 9% annually, which is very less.

[Customer 45:22]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 45:23]
Okay. So even the minute comes 1% less than 1% monthly. So that's how
you can figure it out. But whenever you want to preclose it, right,
there is no preclosure charges. So you have that entrance.

[Sales Agent 45:37]
Yeah, what we can do is right. I mean, if you are available, can we
jump into a virtual meet if you are fine for it?

[Customer 45:44]
Sir, can we do it tomorrow actually because I will have to discuss
with my parents on both the courses, then maybe I will get more
clarity and then maybe tomorrow we can have that call. And also what
will be the eligibility for the sorry, what will be the percentage for
the eligibility?

[Sales Agent 46:00]
50%, 50% Sorry, I didn't get you. Which eligibility you are asking
you?

[Customer 46:07]
Are you said right there it will be an offer letter that you will be
producing?

[Sales Agent 46:12]
From your end actually from the university. So actually what happens
right Host eligibility is you need to have 50% or in your degree. I
hope you have that and you have your transcripts and your degree
sample all the things right?

[Sales Agent 46:27]
Soft copies because we need to share it within next 2 to 3 days as we
need to share it to the University of supply to Bangalore first and we
need to release your login pencils of a WS and all the tools too. Once
this is done, the eligibility test is something you have 40 units of
test version. OK in this 40 minutes till this is 18 questions, 10
questions on the programming site and 8 questions on the Mathematics
and aptitude statistics.

[Sales Agent 46:55]
Okay okay. So you need to get shortlisted on that where you will be
receiving the offer data version.

[Customer 47:03]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 47:04]
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And.

[Customer 47:05]
Then post that we will have the call and like you know you said there
will be a payment for 25,000.

[Sales Agent 47:13]
Only you need to pay 25,000 tomorrow once you are reserving your seat
right? I will help you with the scholarship confirmation. Also just
have a discussion with your family how they are comfortable with. They
would be fine for a low cost EMI or a standard EMI or you guys can
find to go with an upfront payment where I can help you with a better

[Sales Agent 47:33]
scholarships on that where you can take your call accordingly. We have
7 days sports back thats okay now to deliver tomorrow we are reserving
your cheat vosha right post that you let me know until I want to go
with a low cost. I will give you a clarification accordingly or you
want to go with a longer tenurity or a standard EMII will give you
this scholarship confirmation accordingly you let me know. I will add
that scholarship. Then only you need to complete your EMI Sir

[Sales Agent 48:00]
Okay.

[Customer 48:01]
Okay. So firstly there will be the test, then the booking of the seat,
then then

[Customer 48:09]
there will be discussion on how will be the mode of.

[Sales Agent 48:11]
Fix right? Yeah. So I mean this 25,000 is inclusive itself, dont
worry.

[Customer 48:17]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 48:18]
So let's see, Don't we confuse here? The program case is 5,60,000%
inclusive of all the taxes.

[Customer 48:27]
But I was just curious on whether the text will be first or will be
booking the same?

[Sales Agent 48:32]
Person after test will be first because unless you get the test clear
right we wont take your payment on nothing. Dont worry on it Yeah yeah

[Sales Agent 48:45]
so try. I mean there are only 2 attempts so if you are fine just try
to attempt it from your end for the first time today, right Or else we
can connect tomorrow, seat away, don't worry, don't attempt for the
test. Now where we can straight away connect on a virtual need. We
will check your eligibility first and once the eligibility and offer
letter you get it right you make a payment of 25,000 to reserve your
seat. Once you are reserving your seat washer you will be immediately
getting the pre launch preparatory consent access immediately

[Sales Agent 49:16]
you will open pipeline. You will Start learning on Python okay yeah
yeah and post that will get you the scholarship done. I mean from
backend will be approving it. I will write a mail confirmation or as a
proof of evidence for you and once your letter may I know how that
mode would be, I will be adding it from my back end, taking the fee
you had approval from our end and then only you can convert it into
your EMI. Yeah.

[Customer 49:41]
Okay, sure and no cost EMI for 12 months right?

[Sales Agent 49:44]
Postcards.

[Customer 49:45]
I have to give

[Customer 49:47]
the rest of the amount.

[Sales Agent 49:50]
Sorry, Varsha.

[Customer 49:51]
Like the low cost EMI will be for 12 months Sir Okay 5.6 / 1230.

[Sales Agent 49:59]
So 5.35 / 12.

[Customer 50:02]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 50:03]
I am not very good guys Max let thats what I.

[Customer 50:06]
Just got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Got it.

[Sales Agent 50:10]
You got it.

[Sales Agent 50:12]
It's somewhere around 44,583 somewhere, right?

[Sales Agent 50:17]
And the monthly EMI without any interest will be having Varsha Okay.
Yeah. So

[Sales Agent 50:24]
just wanted to help you Ron. I mean as we had a very good discussion,
I dont want to be giving you different things here. So if you are
going with a no cost, right, so you are not paying any interest where
you will have that part or else there is an option for us to close the
fees on a one short 2 right?

[Sales Agent 50:43]
I am not sure if you are comfortable for that one short payment or
longer tenurity of an EMI.

[Customer 50:51]
No, I don't think one.

[Sales Agent 50:53]
Sure, don't worry, don't worry. Just just I was asking just asking on
that it's not monthly that you should go for single chart of a payment
itself. But if you are not comfortable for 12 months, dont worry, you
have that 18 to 60 months also. So given that clarity why I asked you
right I will be transparent. We have the scholarship for a match if
you are going for a longer tenurity of an EMI or a one shot of a
payment.

[Customer 51:19]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 51:21]
Or else if you are going with.

[Customer 51:22]
Radio.

[Sales Agent 51:23]
I will give you the charity tomorrow once you are connecting on a
virtual mail right. I want to hold that on that. I mean once the
eligibility is done right, I can give a confirmation on on that also.
I will talk from you.

[Customer 51:36]
Documents, Sir, to keep ready like my certificate and your degree.

[Sales Agent 51:42]
Your transcripts, Varsha. I hope you have your degree. Consolidated
marksheet

[Sales Agent 51:48]
from Yeah.

[Customer 51:50]
Yeah, I have the final degree with this says I think passed with the.

[Sales Agent 51:56]
Distinction or whatever the percentage would be mentioned right? So
but also you will have a 8th semester single, I mean in a single sheet
you will be having it right from 40 digit marksheet. How much percent
field you have?

[Customer 52:09]
I have separate 8 semesters of.

[Sales Agent 52:11]
Separate 8 semesters you have it.

[Sales Agent 52:15]
If that is the case also please be ready With that we will submit your
documents and once it is done we will be I will be helping you to set
up your learning platform also version Okay where will be setuping
your learning platform and start with your learning till 29th of
February and your it's till 29. It is a selfie will be preparing
yourself from 29 you will be starting your main courses. You will have
different set of people helping you here in your 19 months Renegade.

[Customer 52:45]
Okay And how many people have enrolled in your like?

[Sales Agent 52:49]
Number just yet to know what Sir, but most probably tentative will
have 80 to 100 people in a batch. Yeah yeah yeah. So you see different
blend of people because I have personally. So if if you want to go
with the MSI have personally on boarded a principal engineer for the
CNMS he is working with 20 years of experience closed

[Sales Agent 53:14]
right. So you see different length of people. So that's where I want
you to network here that would be a different experiences I mean you
feed it. Yeah. So his name is Apnam Singh he he he is his mind and now
he is enrolled into he is a close to 1520 years of experience. He got
the approved and all the things done. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[Customer 53:36]
So it is the 100 students like there will be one counselor who we can
talk to, right? Like.

[Sales Agent 53:43]
I am a counselor. Let's say I am a counselor who is helping with your
admission process or not only admission for next 19 months. Also you
can reach out to me. This is not my number. I am so sorry but I can
drop you my personal number. You can reach out to me on any time. It
is not something only on Saturday, Sunday because that's my hope but
else you can reach out to me. But if you have the issues right, dont
worry. You have a dedicated student party,

[Sales Agent 54:09]
student mentor okay

[Sales Agent 54:13]
where these guys will be connecting you for your nontechnical
academical queries. You have 4

[Sales Agent 54:19]
people, 4

[Sales Agent 54:21]
pillars which I can say who will help you. First is your industry
experts and leaders live lectures right? Second is your subject matrix
experts. You will be connecting with them on a daily doubt resolution
sessions and you have a career coaching

[Sales Agent 54:39]
dedicated One is to one career coaching and high performance coaching
where you connect with

[Sales Agent 54:45]
this small group coaching. I have told right need to tell people so
thats the small group coaching you can call it. You have a mentor for
that who is already from the technical edge from 152010 years
experience right? And you have a student buddy who will be helping you
upgrade buddy called. So this guy will be passing out the information,
the assignments that line and all the stuffs when you need to submit.
Any questions, any issues will be helping you out.

[Sales Agent 55:15]
Okay. And last but not the least, you, I mean your counselor Axel, I
mean where I can help you with any of the issues you are facing. I
mean in terms of nontechnical because I am not a guy into a technical,
but yeah, so I can help you on those aspects for sure.

[Sales Agent 55:31]
Yeah, yeah. So any questions here?

[Customer 55:35]
Not anything wrong, so I will just maybe I will discuss and I will get
back tomorrow and then we can take the procedure for it.

[Sales Agent 55:44]
Sure Ghoshit have a discussion with your family. That's important. So
lets have a discussion and what we can do tomorrow is lets connect
tomorrow in the morning. That works around 1030 only.

[Customer 55:57]
No, no no actually I have worked till 4 or 5 maybe 5 will be fine or?

[Sales Agent 56:03]
2 or 5 that same time works right 5:00 PM.

[Customer 56:06]
Yeah, it works.

[Sales Agent 56:07]
Okay so I will be sharing you. It would be a Google made watch Sir
rather than speaking on a call let's flash up on a virtual meet. We
will check your eligibility and all that stuff and once this is done I
will help you with the scholarship confirmation also Varsha and then
you can reserve your seat piping twentyfive 1000 tomorrow and rest of
the things you can have 7 days of time where you can how you want to
proceed. You will have our finance team will be helping on that. Okay
okay. So

[Sales Agent 56:37]
most probably

[Sales Agent 56:39]
the remaining thing you want to go with the credit card. You want to
take a facility EMI facility from Upgrad. You have that also.

[Customer 56:46]
Okay may be mostly credit card itself.

[Sales Agent 56:48]
If you have a credit card, that's better because you don't have, you
know, processing fees also, right? And what you see there is less
paperwork. I recommend if you have that. So I'll fit straight away
because there is loan partners, right? They will charge one time
processing fee. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay,

[Sales Agent 57:06]
okay. Yeah. Fairy, of course. I mean, thank you. Thank you so much.
And I took your.

[Sales Agent 57:13]
I took your long time. I am not sure. Yeah, yeah, I hope you have.

[Customer 57:18]
Thank you.

[Sales Agent 57:19]
Thank you so much Varsha, that is so fine for you to have a
discussion. Lets catch up tomorrow. Don't hesitate. You can connecting
with me what we had already discussed on WhatsApp, right? So that's my
personal number you can send out. Lets connect for tomorrow and we
will take this forward. Meanwhile, I can share you some brochures and
pictures.

[Sales Agent 57:37]
Have a listen to it. Just catch up tomorrow and we will make sure too.
Onboard your calling. Sure. Varshna, thank you. Thank you so much.
Have a great day, Sunil. Bye. Yeah, Yeah.
