[Customer 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:07]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Hello Sir. Good evening Nandi Rujirajan project man Sir. The
properties and chosen Tara Sir Nehru investment course from Hyderabad
only.

[Customer 00:22]
Bahubali

[Customer 00:22]
Mein aaj paniparta fear baki dekha hota hai.

[Customer 00:27]
Phone isliye nahi hota hai

[Customer 00:32]
Monday to Sir Kal bhi Kal bhi Agar paani nahi hai toh Kal bhi kar lo

[Customer 00:46]
Kal kaam karne nahi dete.

[Sales Agent 01:02]
Hello.

[Customer 01:10]
Kar lo kiska bhi kar lo kar lo ya phone pay.

[Sales Agent 01:15]
Hello Sir Rigirathan project only called this maam Sir mera naam
property issues narandi investment ko from Hyderabad.

[Customer 01:23]
Mein.

[Sales Agent 01:24]
Okay, Sir, in Sir Villa ka chosen Sir plots and.

[Customer 01:28]
Mam already selaguru.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
Okay, Sir.

[Customer 01:32]
Rental Performance Rental.

[Sales Agent 01:36]
Rental income customer Sir

[Sales Agent 01:39]
villa site pay better Sir actually name of Sir Sattanandi project
association ridra jankari mohammadpur village loan dandi Shankar talli
15 kilometres distance only Sir. Maine project purchase bimla 33 ad ka
Sharma complete land survey 28 acre Sharma service plots and service
villa Sir remaining 5 acre chemo 5 star branded resort trending villas
or chassis balika temple unique model loan tie Sir Hinduraman Ki
1BHK3BHK4BHK available Sir one BHK 165 area Sandeep 600

[Sales Agent 02:14]
SFT Sir with one car parking area and along with one private pool
reconstruction surgery it will be complete. Interior and furnishing
Mana may provide just some Sir and even renore services Kudaman may
provide just the mandi like housekeeping and rental management,
product gardening Huda Central income management generates coach Sir
me to the product purchase a completely for investment purpose Sir

[Sales Agent 02:38]
We can smart weekends vacation for some Nagar weekdays Normal ka
rental income generators which is based upon tuition Sir Ananta
resorts value operator Sir Sir Mostam completely like 3 BHK 240 square
at Sunday build up area name of 2460 SFT Sir with 2 car parking area
and along with one private pool it is e plus one construction only.
Duplex model 4 BHK Adjaci 480 square Sunday build up area 3000 SFT Sir
2 car parking area along with one private pool is equal to 3 + 1
construction and

[Sales Agent 03:14]
like a special advantage ends and hacker villas or chassis.

[Sales Agent 03:17]
The lifetime membership of the resort code provide you some thermalame
regarding 5 star branded resort, 5 star hospitality team, Maneri
manaki corporate Jess karu gym, spa services, multi kuchh investment,
banquet hall, swimming pool leader different different amenities
sometimes

[Sales Agent 03:37]
number Mein cloth cost hai Sir plot flow on a different services
provide you Sir like landscape maintenance, gardening, underground
curling, garbage pickup and disposal irlaiman provide system Sir and
even along with manachaine and Sir gardening villa shlogani plots
logani kaakunda east villas Ki plot K middle of 5 different types of
garden areas kudam kunta Sharma ke like activity Wellness zone, any
friend zone, Nani cricket zone and

[Sales Agent 04:03]
even if residential layout load is there manake childrens play area
tennis ball like basketball, volleyball, kotting and niyantran

[Sales Agent 04:12]
chess Mein unki mohammadapurvi le jhandi 15 kilometres radius loan Tak
Sir Shankar palliki momin petville root lo

[Sales Agent 04:22]
niruvakat Sir out of Hyderabad Sir Hyderabad Hindi

[Sales Agent 04:29]
okay Sir may I know Sir Mein Ek details padta hai na Sir main budget
anthan guna Sir actually may be.

[Customer 04:34]
Idealism market 11th laga already in Shankarpally lo Tripura record.

[Sales Agent 04:42]
Okay.

[Customer 04:43]
Right now membership

[Customer 04:47]
like 605, 105.

[Sales Agent 04:49]
106 105 100 for the 10 minutes of Sri on Narayan Sir may I know sales
manager tum aatla dista project kaisa mante makeup particular idea
Uttar ka project Maida sumiru tarwata proceed our chandan.

[Customer 05:04]
Number key.

[Sales Agent 05:06]
Before 10 minutes. Priyanka Sir 61 Okay Sir,

[Sales Agent 05:10]
may I know virtual meet arrange is the sales manager to Matlab Dandi I
know particular

[Sales Agent 05:17]
Sir.

[Customer 05:18]
I already rescheduled you one EI.

[Sales Agent 05:21]
How to know Sir actually running loan the villa versus one BHK villa
aind Sir nahi kabhi ground reality guda meka ID antargat and pictures
ka choose karo so migo ko particular decision this Sonic ID or kar
raha tha Continue in 10 day Sir my pre sales department then jasmik
outlook matram chappalnu in clarity Mein budget at kund nagavate sales
manager to market better now opinion I say.

[Customer 05:45]
Okay, maam,

[Customer 05:46]
Okay, Madam.

[Sales Agent 05:48]
My office actually Gachibowli Sir 5 view building ID on Monday,

[Sales Agent 05:53]
Sky view billing opposite Sir spaces and more building on Matamali na.

[Customer 05:58]
Kendra 8 and 8 kilometres.

[Sales Agent 06:01]
Flexible. Okay, Sir.

[Sales Agent 06:03]
Okay, Sir, today arrange payment Sir, you could call me to.

[Customer 06:06]
You could check it know by 10 minutes.

[Sales Agent 06:08]
Okay, Sir, Okay Sir, any.

[Customer 06:10]
Insurance.

[Sales Agent 06:11]
Or not brochure, Kota. And just a minute of the choose one, Sir. Okay,

[Sales Agent 06:17]
Okay, Sir. Sure. Thank you.
