[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello.

[Customer 00:04]
Hello, yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Hello.

[Customer 00:07]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yeah. Hi, Lara Kumar. Good evening, Anisha, this side calling you from
Apradh Education.

[Customer 00:14]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:15]
Yes, yes. So actually I think we had a discussion of previously that
you told you are looking for the Machine Learning Artificial
Intelligence course and I have already shared you the details on
WhatsApp. So are you checked with the details?

[Sales Agent 00:31]
This is.

[Customer 00:31]
From West University.

[Sales Agent 00:34]
Hitlight in Bangalore.

[Customer 00:37]
Triple IT, Bangalore, Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:39]
Yes, yes, yes. So you I think like we had a discussion, you told that
you will be given an update.

[Customer 00:45]
Sir The thing is like I am trying to consulting a multiple this thing
thats why like I am.

[Sales Agent 00:53]
Looking for any doubt Sir any query.

[Customer 00:57]
How many? How many

[Customer 01:02]
like? How many months the course will?

[Sales Agent 01:05]
Be

[Sales Agent 01:06]
post graduation will be for 13 months from triple.

[Customer 01:08]
9 program is that easy or just a program?

[Sales Agent 01:13]
PG Sir PG will be getting proper PG certification from the Super IT
Bangalore University.

[Sales Agent 01:17]
So I hope you must be aware about the stability Bangalore University

[Sales Agent 01:23]
Yes yes. So you will be getting the proper previous application from
cable IT banker and one more best thing is that like once you complete
this PG and if in the future if you are looking for to take up any
masters also MHNMS in Machine learning and a A you can also articulate
this CG to the master from Liverpool Government University which is a
US university you can complete your master society. So that is the
important for this.

[Customer 01:48]
How many

[Customer 01:48]
how many months if I take a PG and then a Master Masters square? Yes,
yes, it.

[Sales Agent 01:53]
Is from the Liverpool Journal University.

[Customer 01:57]
Think about it, if I take

[Customer 02:01]
PG and then what? How many months that will be?

[Sales Agent 02:04]
To get into the market complete yes yes. So if you are completing a PG
next 6 months you can complete your master post fees. You 6 months
will be your master. Either you can directly take the entire master So
in entire masters also it will be 19 masks. So initial 13 months will
be from the utility Bangalore and the last 6 months they research and
chinta can be from the river school, Dombock University and you will
be getting the proper Ms certification coming in your school.

[Customer 02:31]
Okay one thing see let us check I have taken a PG first or like let us
check if I take a complete amtech. Sorry masters. So there will be an
exam right for PG first.

[Sales Agent 02:44]
Yeah, PG like there will be like credit card is 3 and 10 products you
need to work with it. So out of it you will be getting some academic
credit also and coming to the

[Sales Agent 02:56]
TGP&PG, it is 4 PGTA out of which you need to get 2.4 TGPA. So it is
completely based upon your practical orientation and all. Okay

[Sales Agent 03:05]
the credit Sir. Yes, yes. So it is totally towards the real time for
this case. Credits that will be working in this entire program. So
first.

[Customer 03:13]
Will come out. Lets think about it, if I fail to complete that or if I
failed in that knowledge, like what was the next step?

[Sales Agent 03:22]
Yeah, so I will. So you will be having one more chance for that and
the maximum people who have taken this program. So out of this you
will be having the theoretical knowledge. So already you told you are
having around 7 years of experiences, so maximum.

[Customer 03:35]
If you are questioning is.

[Sales Agent 03:36]
Lets take a.

[Customer 03:38]
Let take you have a 13 month. Please come

[Customer 03:41]
something comes up this I was not concentrate on this and then lets
take someone have assigned some case studies. If I failed to attempt
at least attempt or to to complete it,

[Customer 03:54]
what? What? What? What would be the next step? Due to some work or due
to some take office work?

[Sales Agent 04:00]
Yes, yes. So one thing I will mention is suppose in this suppose thing
now you are endorse for the PG program, Okay. So you have submitted
the 6 months post and after the flooring to some process and you
cannot give up your time saying that case you can request correct
definitely Okay, so you can take some time there. Then after that
again you can resume your program. That is our benefit you will be
getting in this program Okay. So initially we have yes, yes. Yeah. So
you will be getting back this company. So you can be like you can
resume your program again you can continue then after that you can
give the account suppose in case

[Sales Agent 04:35]
by chance is your failing you will get next another chance to take up
the return. So in the previous you can like you can rectify your like
what you have done.

[Customer 04:47]
Okay, we can process, right?

[Sales Agent 04:51]
Yes yes weekend will be the life classes and everyday. Actually I will
mention you what is the exact learning model. So from Monday to Friday
you need to attend the pre recording session. In the weekends you will
be having the live classroom. So overall, in a brief, if you are
committing like 15 hours per week, then you can easily focus with this
person.

[Sales Agent 05:11]
Yes yes. So only for spending 11.5 hours in a day

[Sales Agent 05:14]
like Monday. If you are not able to give a time it will be like try to
like adjust the time in the place you are very much. So based upon
your flexibility, you can adjust it. Also

[Sales Agent 05:26]
if you are having 3030 minutes break in a day, you can take up 3030
minutes for some time. Okay.

[Customer 05:31]
Okay. What was the cost? Like if I take only PG program and then after
sometime if I can renew like a take a 6 months rate and then if I take
a M check whatever.

[Sales Agent 05:41]
The overall card.

[Customer 05:44]
Yeah, sorry, I am sorry. Sorry. Yeah, so you.

[Sales Agent 05:48]
Can take it back also like initially if you want to start with the
previous program, you can start with the PG program like while
purchasing the PG also like for 7 months or 8 months. If you are
looking for the market, you can come to us.

[Customer 06:03]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:04]
Yeah. So that will be the one of the car.

[Customer 06:07]
PGPG if I take only PG or COM, come back Masters and P.

[Sales Agent 06:12]
G.

[Customer 06:13]
Including all taxes, everything.

[Sales Agent 06:16]
So for the PG, including all taxes, the program price is 3,00,000
thirtyfive 1000. So I think we already discussed about this. So coming
to the mask, including TV, it will be 5,60,000 included of cash
including the pay G cost. Also, 3,37,000 will be included in that

[Sales Agent 06:32]
5,00,000.

[Customer 06:34]
How much I need to pay when I order?

[Sales Agent 06:38]
Hello.

[Customer 06:39]
How much I need to pay? You like the base structure. When I have to
pay like, is that a semiservice or?

[Sales Agent 06:46]
Yes, yes, yes. So coming to the admission process, so initially you
need to take up a basic eligibility test Okay. So it will be like a
18% in which you will be having the programming and all. So once you
complete the test eligibility test, you will get a shortlist for mail
okay. So if you are getting shortlisted, you will receive an offer
letter to you. Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:05]
Why do you receive the offer letter? You need to pay 25,000 to block
your fee and rest of the amount. You can convert it into flexible E
amount or else you can go for a one short payment cash account of
flexibility. So this Yahaan process if you complete it within 7 months
course you do this afternoon.

[Customer 07:24]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:26]
One second, one more thing.

[Customer 07:30]
Sir that the venue said test CI worked. I don't have other knowledge
like don't know, cut down these things

[Customer 07:39]
like, will that be?

[Sales Agent 07:43]
I developer you are mentioned it previously DRRM 7 experience. One
thing I just want to know so have you like do you have any knowledge
of programming, coding?

[Customer 07:54]
Only programming or in no Python I program inside. I don't know

[Customer 07:59]
Sir, I tried to learn it but due to some other work related things so
I.

[Sales Agent 08:07]
Think not very.

[Customer 08:09]
I know like I 12 Python, sorry Excel. These things basically like why
did?

[Sales Agent 08:14]
I say.

[Customer 08:16]
Why this I know.

[Sales Agent 08:17]
Yes, yes.

[Customer 08:18]
I dont have programmed.

[Sales Agent 08:19]
Insurance Okay so you are comfortable with phone because if you want
to go with machine learning and anywhere so coding is a much important
thing.

[Customer 08:28]
See the main purpose is to to learn these things only to learn Python
And then a I because in our existing project we are implementing ML,
so they want me to learn.

[Sales Agent 08:43]
Definitely so okay okay so dont worry about that. Also it is
eligibility that it will be like basic aptitude text and what so you
can.

[Customer 08:53]
Not about text I am saying like

[Customer 08:55]
how will be the classes will will be cancelled?

[Sales Agent 08:58]
Like yes, yes I understand. So as you mentioned like we are having no
coding on it but you want to start with the like you want to learn
machine in an air right. So in this program only we will be helping
you with the complimentary bite of Python booked on person okay. So
which will be around 7 days before starting our program you can first
go to this complementary item discount Okay. So there is nothing
proper Python knowledge and proper Python certification. You can also
add it to your website

[Sales Agent 09:27]
when you complete this parameter so that you can start with your bank.
Okay

[Sales Agent 09:32]
like suppose for unrolling right now, February, March you can learn
this Python like you can learn learn this Python complete. Then in the
April you can start with your new token program Postgraduation.

[Customer 09:43]
Program or first thing you want me to complete the Python outside you
need to say.

[Sales Agent 09:49]
Not outside in the post graduation program only. If people are like
not much having any work from at home for anything, they cannot talk
with the program or else they want to better practice. In that case,
we will be helping with a complimentary item book from section Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:06]
So there initially you can go with 2 weeks with this Python booster.
Then after that you can start with the main post graduation program.
Okay, you understood the point, right?

[Customer 10:17]
So it is a graduation, the first one, one and half month. You you want
me to take a Python And then after that you want me to enter the PT?

[Sales Agent 10:26]
Yes, yes, Python will be included in that only. OK, so if you.

[Customer 10:29]
Want to go How much cost for Python 3?

[Sales Agent 10:32]
Lakhs 35,000 will be included. Actually it is working 35,000.

[Customer 10:38]
No, no. You are making confuse. See in in this course is Python was
part of PG?

[Customer 10:45]
Or like in like we should I should know basic before entering into the
PG course.

[Sales Agent 10:51]
No, no no I am mentioning you that so particularly if you have machine
learning and a I requirement and you are working with the same program
and you have no coding knowledge but you want to know. So in this same
program only we will host with Python bootcamp program okay
complimentary we will be providing. So if learners want to take the
Python goods on program they will take the Python boothon program or
else they will skip this program okay. So if you are particularly
looking for it,

[Sales Agent 11:19]
he will be helping you with this icon complimentary book. So it will
be around 7 weeks okay it is clearly mentioned on the program also. I
just want to know like have you sent me this details I think past 10
days back or one day that we?

[Customer 11:32]
Have a difference. You know that thing lakhs one, one and a half
weeks, Like one week we are busy with some jet planning so.

[Sales Agent 11:39]
We will get a chance, yes, yes, I understand.

[Sales Agent 11:42]
So that is a one possibility. I am mentioning it. So you understood it
is a particularly if you want to work with machine learning and Neela
and and it is a company requirement,

[Sales Agent 11:51]
you can go with this complimentary 5% booster. Then after that you can
start with the main program of 3 GRLG Master Seeker. Looking forward,
Okay.

[Customer 12:02]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:03]
Sir,

[Sales Agent 12:04]
so this will be the total admission process and the bank is also about
the car. So actually we will hire a tax today, 31st January 11 batch
is already done today,

[Sales Agent 12:15]
yeah. So you can just let me know what is your update, Any queries or
anything You have 11 what are the?

[Customer 12:22]
First steps if you want me to enroll.

[Sales Agent 12:25]
So first 4th is nothing but you can just connect over a virtual
section. Me and my program manager will be sitting in the session. We
can have a discussion for 5 to 10 you know then we can submit your LTB
status. Okay. So that will be your eligibility. Yeah post valuability
Sir, you will be receiving your offer letter and you need to pay the
drop payment of 25,000 and best of the amount you can convert it in
between 7 months. So before this program also it will be starting from

[Sales Agent 12:53]
February 28th, right. So before that you will get some pre prepaid for
content okay. So you can go with the pre prepaid content session. So
before the program start. So it will be like taking around 15 days, 16
days to complete the pre prepare it sometime Thats it.

[Sales Agent 13:09]
So this will be the process Lava Kumar. So if you are free for 5 to 10
minutes, now we can connect over a session maam we can have a.

[Customer 13:16]
Request today is its not possible. I have bunch of work and since
schedule like tomorrow 11:30 or 12.

[Sales Agent 13:25]
Yeah Sir, definitely 11. Like 12 you can just tell me 121130 or 12 so
that I will be blocking the calendar of me and you and my manager.

[Customer 13:34]
Any anytime is fine with him.

[Sales Agent 13:37]
1130 is Okay Nagar Kumar so that I will be blocking the calendar and I
will be sharing you the links right now on the WhatsApp also.

[Customer 13:45]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:46]
Yeah

[Sales Agent 13:46]
definitely. And you want me to share the details of the masters also
you can search me the details once also. Okay,

[Sales Agent 13:54]
Okay. Definitely. Yeah. Thank you so much. Love you so much. Thank you
so much.
