[Customer 00:00]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Hello. Yeah. Am I speaking with Miss Deepika?

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon, Deepshikha. Myself, I am a senior admission
counselor calling you from upgrad. How are you? I.

[Customer 00:16]
Am good, how are you?

[Sales Agent 00:18]
Doing great music, thanks for asking. Only that I couldnt connect with
you at 12:30 because after that onboarding calls was there because
only few seats are left right? So that's the reason it's got selected.
So I just want to recheck so whether it's a good time to have a 1015
minutes of convolution in regards to the same.

[Sales Agent 00:35]
Yeah, perfect with this regard. So in the first place, Dikshika, I
would like to congratulate you on like being shortlisted for previous
program. So now I just have a gist about your profile that like you
have somewhere around 2 to 5 years of work experience and that is into
marketing itself.

[Customer 00:51]
Right,

[Customer 00:52]
actually I did my postcard from UK in like advertising and marketing,
but now looking at the 10 like digital marketing is like on the piece
recently. Thats why I want to join the course to enhance my enhance my
knowledge on digital marketing a I and everything.

[Sales Agent 01:09]
Okay, if you.

[Customer 01:10]
Wanted to have a idea about the course what exactly is going to be
like and there was 3 plus life substance and all.

[Sales Agent 01:18]
So I want to.

[Customer 01:19]
Know like what exactly the program about?

[Sales Agent 01:23]
Okay, okay, understood, understood before that, like I have a few
questions. Hello, so that I can understand your profile in a better
way. So first thing is Deepshikha like you said that you did your post
guard into digital media, Sir, not not correct

[Sales Agent 01:38]
advertising and marketing,

[Sales Agent 01:41]
right, right. So next you are working as a deputy manager. So is it
again to like special like advertisement in marketing or is it?

[Customer 01:49]
Into like

[Customer 01:50]
in marketing and zending for the company.

[Sales Agent 01:55]
Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah,

[Sales Agent 01:57]
I understood, understood, understood. Sure enough. So this this
particular leaky journey of yours, this is like a just yourself or you
feel that your growth is something which is saturated and thats the
reason why you want to take a different marketing.

[Customer 02:11]
Actually nowadays the digital world is on the board. So basically I
am, I am like I have more knowledge on the traditional marketing
because I did my like masters like 7 years ago.

[Customer 02:22]
So that.

[Sales Agent 02:23]
Okay, okay.

[Customer 02:25]
And now things have changed, so I want to evaluate, I want to know
more about the digital words and I want to understand how it can help
me through my career even more because now everyone is going digital
from the traditional market. So thats the main reason.

[Sales Agent 02:42]
I understood understood that something great that you have a good
understanding on very exactly this particular industry is actually
moving towards. So being sure you have this good understanding over.
Have you tried learning anything into like the digital marketing
earlier might be some YouTube or something? I just.

[Customer 02:59]
Yeah, I did try through YouTube actually got the company I was working
with, so they will have a marketing division. So I also did the
digital marketing. So I used to learn a bit from the YouTube and do
their digital marketing. But over there only I understood that digital
marketing is not just about Facebook ads or like Google, its play more
than that. So thats why I wanted to like. Right now I am on my notes
email.

[Sales Agent 03:26]
Okay, okay.

[Customer 03:29]
This time to learn more and then apply for companies that will help me
grow more.

[Sales Agent 03:34]
Okay, okay, okay, please. Okay, no issue, no issue, no issue Theek
hai. So first thing like thanks for like helping me with your profile
which you can never got a little bit little good amount of idea about
your profile. So moving on to the program, I will I will bifurcate
this particular call into 4 parts, okay, Sir, I will help you with the
structure of the program. What is the time commitment required in all
of those steps, Okay. Second, I will help you with the particle
exposure that will be training through this particular program. Okay

[Sales Agent 04:03]
Sir, I will help you with the placement available and 4th subsequently
into the admission process.

[Sales Agent 04:10]
Okay, so first thing like this is a proper advance certification
program directly driven by the university Micah itself, okay, Whereas
the duration is somewhere between 7.5 months to 12 months, okay? I
believe like while filling up your application you would have seen
that there are 5 different specializations that being offered

[Sales Agent 04:33]
right? So it's mandatory for each and every learners who pick one
specialization. Apart from that how many hours specialization you
would like to audit up? You can just travel. Each specialization would
be for a duration of 5 weeks and the core program that your base
program which would be for evolution of 6.5 months. So in total, for
every learner the duration is going to be somewhere between 7.7.

[Sales Agent 04:57]
Okay.

[Customer 04:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:59]
Now coming on to the program, this is the outcome settlement program
right now. I see that you are already a deputy manager, right? So
enough,

[Sales Agent 05:09]
your outcome that you might be expecting from the program is going to
be completely different from our executive who is just planning to
start the career in the digital marketing, correct? Because end of
second, like his job is to just work on tools and work on the startup
being built by his manager and giving the outcome. But rather if you
being a deputy manager or might be to the managerical issue, your
major responsibility is to strategise a campaign field more like a
future marketing strategy,

[Sales Agent 05:36]
right? So keeping this into consideration, we have a track which is
known as managerial branch. This particular branch is something that
you would be undergoing wherein the time commitment required on a
weekly basis is going to be somewhere around 7 to 9 hours.

[Sales Agent 05:53]
Good evening. Everything take a minute. Okay so in your weekdays that
in your working days we expect you to spend somewhere around half an
hour on a daily basis,

[Sales Agent 06:06]
30 minutes and this 30 minutes MBI can ecomfortable time of year. And
you are going to utilise this 30 minutes to go through certain pre
recorded lectures and to do certain assignments entire that has been
assigned to you.

[Sales Agent 06:19]
Okay. And apart from this in your vehicle after 7:00 in the evening,
you are going to have your doubt clarification system shared. Just
because you have any doubts, you can just hop on and you can just ask
your doubts and get clear of those

[Sales Agent 06:31]
on a day to day basis itself.

[Sales Agent 06:35]
Okay, your major learning that's going to happen over your weekend
through a proper 2 way level interactive session.

[Sales Agent 06:42]
Okay, so every Saturday and Sunday you are going to have 2 to 2 and
half hours of live and practical issues scheduled and that will be
taken care by the faculties of Malta and then industrialist work.
Okay, so Saturday it is going to be a live and interactive session
taken care by the faculties of Myka. Sunday it is going to be taken by
the industrial experts,

[Sales Agent 07:03]
okay, lets assume that link you are receiving the pre recorded
lectures in your weekdays over SEO, okay? The faculties of my God are
again going to teach you with SEO in a level interactive way on that
particular Saturday itself, okay. And Sunday like instead of having it
as a theoretical luxury rather it could be something particular
exposure that you will have. This one will be the initial expert will
be giving you the problem treatment, the tools and technologies that
you are supposed to use in it and you are like blessed to provide a
solution product with the help of the promoters.

[Sales Agent 07:40]
Okay, if you like to know who exactly Miss Shakidi so kindly be
working as Head of Search Marketing at Google.

[Sales Agent 07:47]
Second is the click part. Again is going to be Mr Karan Karen who is
currently the CMO at Reserve Pay Check marketing Government Reserve
pay. Okay. 3rd again is going to be Mr Apoorv Sharma who is currently
working at Apple as Senior Communications Marketing Manager.

[Sales Agent 08:01]
So Olympics you have multiple industrial experts are already carrying
somewhere around 10 to 15 years of experience and warranty upper
hierarchical questions.

[Customer 08:11]
Okay can I have any networking event or like during graduation will be
be interacting with them from the end?

[Sales Agent 08:20]
Obviously like a networking session, obviously if you would be there,
you are going to be given with the executive alumni status of Myka
Ashwasan.

[Sales Agent 08:28]
Then you are going to be an aluminium upgrade as well from no one.
Okay, so, so you are going to have networking stations conducted in
the offline way once in Lake so much so,

[Sales Agent 08:40]
so usually it will be happening in 3 major metropolitan cities
Bangalore, Mumbai and then Delhi, Gurgaon. So based upon your
schedule, based upon your availability, you can plan visiting all of
these things. And surprisingly for like you would, you would find a
lot of leapies, a lot of Pmos who have already done this programmable.

[Customer 08:59]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:00]
Okay, so networking opportunity obviously it will be there, no doubt
in that.

[Customer 09:04]
Okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 09:06]
So now coming back to your learning curve, Masikshika like a 10% or
something that we expect from you by going through the pre recorded
lecture, okay, 40% we will be helping you with the help of the
faculties of that day and 50% you would be getting it by doing the
project on that particular survey.

[Sales Agent 09:27]
So if you flow ethnology that you follow.

[Customer 09:30]
Myself or

[Customer 09:31]
it will be a group project? How does that work?

[Sales Agent 09:33]
No, the Sundays projects are going to be like it is going to be done
by you where in the industrial expert will be helping you out. And
when it comes to capstone project, so in your base program towards the
end for a duration of 3 weeks you are going to take up one single
project and that can be like done it in Group or it can be done
individually. So that completely.

[Customer 09:51]
Your fault, okay.

[Sales Agent 09:55]
Now moving ahead, speaking about your practical exposure, somewhere
around like 70 to 75% of the complete program is going to be
particular, just 20 to 25% available with directly because you very
well know in digital marketing technical exposure is the utmost thing
that is required, right? So for this we make sure you work across 11
projects, sorry 11 or 9 minutes, 5 live. Understand which projects,
one complete caption project and then 15 plus case. Very visual first
6.5 months of your journey alone.

[Customer 10:28]
So what is like subject exactly?

[Sales Agent 10:31]
So like projects is like you creating a represents for yourself using
WordPress,

[Sales Agent 10:36]
you doing Astro project using your running 5 stay life campaigns
across all social media platforms available for which he got you
something that we are going to get. And then using Google Analytics,
you are going to need to do your analytics project over the blog that
you have done

[Sales Agent 10:54]
so. So these are the kind of like claims will like projects that will
be coming out. So you know please pick up because this program is
where you would be moving from scratch to the intermediation, Okay?

[Sales Agent 11:05]
So your major skill sets that will be given on your base core program
for the first 6.7 months is going to be SEOSE social media and content
marketing, programmatic advertising and display advertising and then
performance marketing, email marketing and in marketing analytics. So
these are the keen 7 skill sets that you are going to gain in the
first 6.5 months of your journey, okay?

[Sales Agent 11:32]
Now you are going to be given an option between branding and
communications, marketing communications, public relations, generative
articles of intelligence and then marketing analytics and then social
media and content marketing. So these are the 5 different
specializations that you are going to have for your advanced decision,
OK.

[Sales Agent 11:52]
And in this click again, you are going to work in 2 assignments and
one live project. And unlike the base program over here in your
specialization, the live projects are going to be in collaboration
with one of the organization. For example, in branding, you are going
to work in collaboration with building an integrated marketing
strategy for cities wide based target. So these are the kind of like
intense projects that you will be carrying out in your specialization
issue.

[Customer 12:20]
Okay, but it will be right, right for all.

[Sales Agent 12:24]
You you need to have things industrial experts who would be there so
over the program to help you.

[Sales Agent 12:30]
So, so like if at all I speak about like Musharraf, who is actually
head of search marketing, she is her friends lies over at EA. So
whenever the Asia topics are being covered, she would be the
industrial expert who would be guiding you

[Sales Agent 12:45]
when it when it comes to like the communication marketing, Mr Apoorv
from Apple, he would be there to help you guys with the practical
exposure.

[Sales Agent 12:52]
So like this based upon the modules covered in the program and based
upon the strength of the industrial expert, we have mass in such a way
so that you can have the utmost like efficiency, efficiency gate while
you are doing the Vikram.

[Customer 13:06]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:08]
Okay. Now like Astha ISI specialization is concerned for you. I would
say like all 5 specializations are important. There are multiple
reasons like if you are already into like branding currently

[Sales Agent 13:23]
digital media content is something like your current job profile all
revolves around.

[Sales Agent 13:29]
So taking that into the further stage,

[Sales Agent 13:32]
2 major things is going to like help you in creating the good like
elevation in your profile that will be branding and then generate
away. So these 2 things is going to like adding up these 2 with
complement your current job profile, OK,

[Sales Agent 13:47]
going ahead and elevating the space for losses into digital meeting
digital marketing. Again as you are into the managerial shoes,
marketing analytics is one of the most important thing because you
will have to be a data design person. You will have to build strategy
based upon the marketing data that you have.

[Sales Agent 14:01]
So for that marketing analytics is something that we can help you out.
Social media and content marketing is a self like which is it is self
claiming.

[Customer 14:10]
Social media content.

[Sales Agent 14:12]
Okay, may I know the reason why?

[Customer 14:16]
Actually I want to go like I am more into advertising and branding.

[Sales Agent 14:21]
So I am more.

[Customer 14:21]
Interested in that like social media and like center is not my story
or my thing so I have go with branding and like a I generation.

[Sales Agent 14:32]
I I completely agree to the point that you are current testing which
into like advertisement and all of people. But going ahead from this
deputy managerical question, if you are moving into senior managerial
question that point of time, you are not going to hold the
responsibility for advertisement alone, right? Or it is not going to
be like just that one particular vertical that you would have. But in
the single project to like make sure of the advertisement,
advertisement or the like curtain, the executive, these are the
channels through which you are going to like publish it out, right?

[Sales Agent 15:04]
Reaching out your target audience is going to be through all of these
channels. So in that one major thing is something like Shokul Viram
Central marketing, right? So end of the day, your condition would be
yours, no doubt in that at all. But my suggestion, understanding your
profile and being in this industry for the past 35 years, I would
suggest like closing and content marketing account is one of the
important things to you.

[Customer 15:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 15:28]
And you need.

[Customer 15:29]
To be taught to me right when you received like, like, you know, just
social media marketing is there right now. So I I think that will
travel the most of it for social media.

[Sales Agent 15:43]
Correct. You are, you are, you are extremely right like it is going to
be covered in the core program. But when it comes to like this
marketing as a domain or additional marketing as a domain, the larger
me like you very well know that like

[Sales Agent 15:56]
strategies is what like all of these things revolve around, right. So
this particular strategy, we gain it over experiences or not wrong.

[Customer 16:04]
Correct.

[Sales Agent 16:05]
So efficiency over strategy, we give it over experience. So for that
in this advances, these industrial experts are going to help you out
with tricks and techniques on how to make sure you work at somewhere
around like 90 to 90% of education. So

[Sales Agent 16:20]
that is the major perk that you have it in all of these
specialisations.

[Customer 16:25]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 16:27]
Okay, like I will meet with you like I asked but told you the pros of
this, but end of the day if you can take a call on it, I have no
issues with it. Okay, now coming to the last specialization your
marketing communications and public relations. This is not just going
to conference over PRLO for Raja. We are going to concentrate over 2
major things. One is like half to like run a single campaign and reach
out to 2 different like prospects of your 2 different client of your.
SO because like every, every CEO would like to their manager if at all

[Sales Agent 16:59]
he produced Gudamuda revenue or at least they must like share the
expenditure of the organization. So these are the 2 major qualities
that ECO is going to be for or a CMO is going to inform right. So in
this marketing communications you are you are going to learn about PR
as well as have to run in a single campaign. So you dont need you save
your money over here and reaching out to 2 different client and you
are going to generate money over there. So these are something like
you key points that I have highlighted in your specialization space

[Sales Agent 17:29]
that is going to.

[Customer 17:30]
I want to ask you something. For example, if I want to open my own
company is insurance, what are the main personalization out of order
size that you have told me is important?

[Sales Agent 17:43]
May I know the kind of like the business that you planning to like
open up, like the current idea that you have?

[Customer 17:52]
Okay so basically for that if I require a skill set for that. So
basically I just want to get like farming.

[Sales Agent 18:01]
Okay, okay.

[Customer 18:02]
Yeah, yeah. So for that, what kind of specialization would help?

[Sales Agent 18:09]
Okay okay so to be frank like I dont want to bluff like I didnt still
get like what exactly the business is. Can you please help me with the
target audience that you have for this particular business so.

[Customer 18:18]
So basically it's a Agletech company.

[Customer 18:23]
Me and my like husband he both are decide like he started off this
with the startup called Hydrogen.

[Sales Agent 18:29]
So basically it's just 12.

[Customer 18:30]
Days technical company.

[Sales Agent 18:32]
So you.

[Customer 18:33]
Can soil the plants will be grown.

[Sales Agent 18:35]
So it is.

[Customer 18:37]
Technology and all that thing. So yeah.

[Sales Agent 18:40]
Understood, understood, understood. So in that case, first and
foremost thing like in order to make sure you reach out your target
only majorly, at least you would be concentrating literally like the
people, right? Because like we cant, we cant like assure that we will
be able to make sure illiterates do understand this particular
technology involved in this particular farming.

[Customer 19:03]
Both B2 B&B 23 like the target audience is vast because he can also
make fast for the barring Lance and all

[Customer 19:14]
okay okay yeah and for example like you know exotic vegetables like
accurate and all these things and being placed in like modern bazaar
or something like that like some supermarket.

[Sales Agent 19:26]
Understood. Understood. So

[Sales Agent 19:29]
in that case like when it comes to like B2 3 content or something that
is more important

[Sales Agent 19:35]
because because its a direct upfront like a fix that we are giving it
to the customers directly.

[Customer 19:41]
So people are like, you know, like

[Customer 19:43]
health free these days and mostly they are all educated or like living
in the modern world, like people who go to gym or something like that.
So they only want salads and all these things. So we want to market it
to them.

[Sales Agent 19:59]
Correct. So taking these like pointers into consideration like we will
have to make sure we give personal security content that can attract
people because its a complete B2, B2 3 business model in which we
operate for this particular set of people, right. So for that, when
when I speak about your content, first we will have to make sure our
brand is something that recognition the branding and communication
would communicate.

[Sales Agent 20:23]
Second, all of these like like people who

[Sales Agent 20:27]
like think a lot about like healthier food, healthier lifestyle. You
can attract them through social media that lets it first mode of
things waste deal of course. So social media and content marketing
would actually come into the 3rd yeah, branding like I have mentioned
in the survey branding process. Second, social and content marketing
3rd is comes under generator. We are because when it comes to first
leads to content creation like JNAI is going to like given a lot of
click inputs for on how exactly we can like do this in a more
efficient way.

[Customer 21:02]
Please be specialization you would assurement right?

[Sales Agent 21:06]
BBP or something that like at most required if we are planning to
operate over B to C model alone. And when it comes to B to B enough,
when I say B to B like over here, analytics would play a major role.

[Sales Agent 21:21]
Analytics again is going to play a major role in B to COK because you
are also going to be bad for you, right. So you will have to
understand in which campaign to treat, in which campaign to like to
shed in a little bit more amount of money. So you get those details.
So to understand this analytic is something that is going to play a
major role ahead.

[Sales Agent 21:39]
So this 4 is something that is mandatory that if you are planning to
start your own business associate branding generate, we are marketing
analytics and then social media and contact marketing.

[Customer 21:53]
What else?

[Sales Agent 21:57]
No, actually like the people think that like the technology in which
attitude operation was generatively highest. But whereas generative A
I is one particular technology wherein this can be used in like

[Sales Agent 22:12]
application creations, audio creation, content creations related to
video methodology. So prompt engineering is the backbone of this
particular generator A I.

[Customer 22:22]
If I don't have any knowledge about it, how will I able?

[Sales Agent 22:26]
To cope up it so simple like in this 5 weeks it is going to be
complete zero to like advance level movement that you would have and
like we have decided in such a way what exactly is required for you
being a manager. Being into the manager is shows at this point of time
is something that is going to be covered.

[Sales Agent 22:45]
So it is not required that like only technical people would be able to
know nothing like that. Its a complete marketing oriented like
approach that we have given into this particular location.

[Customer 22:56]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 22:57]
Yeah. So these 4 are something that would be like the as most like me
why I didnt actually touch like PR is because you have already done
your Bhojpura into marketing for sure like you would have done your
public relations over there. So taking that one single thing into
consideration and I am not like I am not like assisted you with here.

[Sales Agent 23:18]
Yeah. So now moving ahead, let's as you have said that you are looking
for startup like are you planning for any such new opportunity from
our side or is it start up with a long term goal that we are securing?

[Customer 23:31]
No I want to look into the offices this is just I need helping my
husband with his father but also in the future like I would like to be
a company in a well known company. PM.

[Sales Agent 23:44]
So I want.

[Customer 23:45]
To brush on my like 16th.

[Sales Agent 23:47]
Okay, okay, Understood Sir. In that case, Miss Deepak, like your
placement,

[Sales Agent 23:53]
your opportunities would be given over a platform which is known as
upgrad Elevate. And this is a innovative portal of us wherein we have
already collaborated with more than 3 English less organization,
including a mansion companies including your e commerce gently,
Amazon, Flipkart, including your banking changes, HCFCHFBC. So all of
these people have already like elaborated with this. And if you would
like to know about the start, then I will say that 36% is the average
salary that you have today,

[Sales Agent 24:23]
433 is the highest salary that you have given and the highest package
that is being offered to this particular program alone is 99 LPM. Does
this actually work for the marketing rate of HSBG Bank? So

[Sales Agent 24:38]
because I dont want to block stating that you also take this program
LBT 99, it is rather just to help you understand that you are going to
be in one of the safest time possible in terms of opportunity. Yeah.

[Customer 24:52]
Okay so machine leads or like they are all work from office no?

[Sales Agent 24:56]
No remote also would be there yet. If you ask me on a percentage, I
would quote somewhere around like 30

[Sales Agent 25:03]
to 35% of opportunity we can expect remote rest would be like a
virtual office and work from office. And again it is not going to be
like like a location specific multiple locations would be there. So
based upon your legal location like preferences, you can take a call
accordingly

[Sales Agent 25:21]
because it's not like 10 or 15 opportunities or other payment
opportunities. So you can shortlist the companies that you think is
best suitable for you. And based upon the shortlistment that you have
done, we are going to train you in 4 different other ways in order to
make sure that you secure the opportunity.

[Sales Agent 25:40]
Okay, so in that first training is going to be Pi Sushant Personal
Industry Kitchen wherein people like you having your 4 years of
experience and was already completed post graduation

[Sales Agent 25:50]
would be microbash into democratic people. And you guys are going to
work in certain explicit content into an explicit projects that
actually required for you in order to make sure you can have that
opportunity. Second

[Sales Agent 26:01]
is going to be your mock interviews. You would be having 3 to 4 mock
interviews connected on a monthly basis based upon your availability
and your preference. And in this specifically you have something which
is called as just in time interview. Actually lets assume that like
Miss Dikshita will have an schedule that feedback next week.

[Sales Agent 26:18]
We are very well prepared with it but something or the other is
actually hearing you that case. What we do is like we get your Akota
who is currently working at Flipkart itself and this particular person
is going to give you a mortgage issue.

[Sales Agent 26:30]
So you will get to know about the process followed by Flipkart, the
area of interest of Flipkart and the major things that they are
expecting from you. May I know for question paper lease you can call
it. The only thing that you will have to do this like informing is 24
to 48 hours prior to very Zakir Ali Khan.

[Customer 26:49]
Okay, fine.

[Sales Agent 26:51]
So

[Sales Agent 26:51]
and.

[Customer 26:52]
One more question page of setting up is.

[Sales Agent 26:55]
Yeah. So I will be, yeah, I will be transfer like 89 is what the
placement ratio is in the program completion rate is 94.1.

[Customer 27:06]
So every card complete the tour plan or like that mark system or
housework I want to know.

[Sales Agent 27:13]
It is not interest because of mass system alone. People

[Sales Agent 27:17]
lot of curiosity like they joined liquor does not have like knowledge
at all and later on you said they didnt complete the program or they
are not like at all attending the classes. So we do have like certain
cases. So

[Sales Agent 27:31]
basically this happens with the executive front. But as a whole as the
like average is taken. So 94.1 is what is the program completion rate.
But as far as placement is concerned, I would say that like this is
absolutely like 100. I would say reason why is because

[Sales Agent 27:46]
somewhere around like 6% have not completed the program in the first
place, correct? And see that 4% of people there just here for up to
themselves, they are entrepreneurs, they are like VPS, like marketing
heads or senior managers who are just here to upskill themselves.

[Sales Agent 28:03]
So considering all of these things, I would pay that just placement or
something that like Kaushal Ki phenomenal because each and every
learner has got a chance to elevate their profile and picking the
return for the investment deduction.

[Sales Agent 28:17]
Yeah. So

[Sales Agent 28:20]
now going ahead, Miss Dikshika, like Aswarathi process is concerned,
we have already filled in the application and profile also has been
shorted there. So what I do is lateral now I am dropping 2 different
vouchers. There are 3 different vouchers across your account and are
you comfortable in me topping it across with them?

[Customer 28:38]
Yes, yes, OK.

[Sales Agent 28:40]
Perfect. So across WhatsApp and dropping in 3 different crosses. So
have a look into it in the first place. So after you having a look at
all of these crosses, I will help you with your queries in the concern
the complete Q&A call that even me would be out of. So once you have.

[Customer 28:56]
More doubt, I have like a password 34 January so can I post it for
later or that's the date like I have to do?

[Sales Agent 29:06]
No, 31st actually you would be having a small induction ceremony that
would be conducted

[Sales Agent 29:10]
okay, but as well your classes and things are concerned that will be
starting Sir, first Saturday, Sunday, okay Sir. So probably like on
6th of February something like this.

[Customer 29:22]
Particular weekend, then how?

[Sales Agent 29:24]
Does it work like so

[Sales Agent 29:28]
assume that like on one particular Saturday you are not available at
domestic class. First thing that you will have to do is like going
through the recording section available. We have it recorded first you
we would like you to go to the recorded election then you should
contact your SO. Our grand buddy is one such person who is going to be
there with Twentyfour to assist you with all sort of like nontechnical
query that you have

[Sales Agent 29:54]
okay, then this upgraded, which takes this concern ahead and he
schedule a lecture with the upgrad coach or with the faculty based
upon the availability of your desk and the base upon the availability
of this.

[Customer 30:10]
Okay, so I have the timing for the class on Saturday, Sunday.

[Sales Agent 30:14]
So like probably somewhere between like 11 to like 6:00 in the
evening, you will have like the timing limit, correct?

[Sales Agent 30:24]
Correct. So every every Tuesday you would get your calendar. So with
the exam exact timing for that particular weekend so that you can plan
is checked accordingly.

[Sales Agent 30:36]
Yeah, these these are fixed only for the CL I stations. Apart from
that you will be having new slot given to you. So based upon that you
can take a call accordingly.

[Sales Agent 30:44]
Okay yeah yeah sure. So now you can just drop it in. All of these
informations are difficult because do have a look into it. Lets run it
somewhere around like 7 or 8. We can post your working hours. I dont
want to disturb you in a working hour. Let's connect and I will help
you with your query and then later on if you press start, this can
help you out. Then you will move ahead with the admission but still in
the seat alone for you at this point of time because 24th is the last
day for that particular process. Tomorrow

[Sales Agent 31:12]
and first track you would be given 7 days of time to like this site in
which mode you would like to dispose the violent amount because you do
have no pause me and you do have standard Emis available actually. So
whichever you think is best suitable for you at this point of benefit,
you can go ahead with it.

[Sales Agent 31:28]
Theek hai.

[Customer 31:30]
Okay,

[Customer 31:31]
okay Sir, I will connect with your 7:00 o'clock if I have any doubt
regarding this.

[Sales Agent 31:36]
Thing.

[Sales Agent 31:36]
So anything apart from that? Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 31:41]
Yeah, yeah. Thank you.

[Sales Agent 31:43]
Perfect. Perfect. Yeah. Thank you, Satish. Take care. Bye.
