[Customer 00:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello.

[Customer 00:04]
Yeah, who is this?

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Hi, am I speaking with Geetanjali?

[Customer 00:09]
Yeah, speaking.

[Sales Agent 00:11]
Shitanjali, good morning. This side, this side. Mukesh, I am calling
from Upgrad Education. How you doing?

[Customer 00:17]
Yeah, one second.

[Sales Agent 00:19]
Yes.

[Customer 00:41]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:42]
Yageek only.

[Customer 00:43]
Yeah, okay. So I had applied for one machine learning or artificial
intelligence.

[Sales Agent 00:51]
Yes, yes. So you are exploring these options for the program from
triple IT banner price. So so can I know like what is the main purpose
Geetanjali Like are you looking to article or planning to take a
carrier transition?

[Customer 01:03]
Is it a PG course or like just?

[Sales Agent 01:08]
Its a proper physics program you will be getting from Triple IT
Bangalore.

[Customer 01:13]
Okay. So will you be online?

[Sales Agent 01:16]
And completely online

[Sales Agent 01:18]
and mainly designed, I will tell you so. And these courses are mainly
designed for working professionals. So by the way, we.

[Customer 01:26]
Have experience type of working or is it?

[Sales Agent 01:29]
No. So you need to have bachelors and you need to have minimum 50% of
your marks in your bachelors.

[Customer 01:36]
Okay I am.

[Sales Agent 01:36]
Working insurance

[Sales Agent 01:38]
so walking experience is not required and you need to have some basic
knowledge of this programming like Python, excel.

[Customer 01:47]
3.

[Sales Agent 01:47]
Plus plus Java.

[Customer 01:48]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 01:50]
Yeah, so this is completely designed for working professionals
Geetanjali. So it is a duration of 13 months in this 13 months where
you need to spend 15 hours in a week.

[Sales Agent 02:02]
Okay so.

[Customer 02:04]
How?

[Sales Agent 02:05]
15 hours in a week.

[Customer 02:08]
Jatinar dinav in a week.

[Sales Agent 02:11]
So

[Sales Agent 02:11]
how are you going to manage this? 15 hours is Monday to Friday you
will be having a recorded session from the university and Saturday and
Sunday you will be having a life issues taken by the university
professor. So either it can from Saturday or either it can happen on
Sunday. So these life assistance will be happening in a set of 3 to 4
hours.

[Sales Agent 02:32]
So now putting together like Monday to Sunday you need to spend 15
hours. Its up to you how you gonna figure out this 15 hours.

[Customer 02:41]
Due to Friday is total will come around 15 hours per.

[Sales Agent 02:44]
Week. Yes exactly. So Monday to Friday you need to spend hardly one
hour in a day or one and half or its you need not to sit for one and
half hour in one single place. You can also break down that. So end of
the day, every week we recommend you to spend 15 hours in a week.

[Customer 03:04]
And do we cant talk any exams or so?

[Sales Agent 03:09]
Like I will be coming step by step Geetanjali so like if you are
missing this live stations on your weekends you need not to worry you
will be also getting recorded as well for that. But end of the day we
dont recommend of missing those lifestyle. Those are very important
for you.

[Sales Agent 03:24]
So in due to any emergency or any personal reasons you are missing you
will be also getting recorded. So now you can ask me one question
Mukesh you are telling Monday to Friday it is the recorded and
Saturday and Sunday of July. What if I am getting any doubts between
Monday to Friday. I need to wait until Saturday and Sunday. So you
need not to wait Saturday and Sunday. So there will be a daily doubt
resolution sessions happening twice in that day. So technically before
you login to your work and after you morning 7:00 to 9 and evening

[Sales Agent 03:55]
8 to 11

[Sales Agent 03:56]
so one of the professor from the university will be sitting in the
Delhi twice. So if you are having any doubts

[Sales Agent 04:04]
morning 7:00 to 9 or the evening 8:00 to 11,

[Sales Agent 04:08]
yeah so one of the professor will be sitting in that live line daily
twice. So if you are having any doubts you can join in this both live
links. You can clarify your doubts and you can drop off from the link.
So this you can do a number of times until and unless you get your
doubts clarified. So before that I want to know basic details of you
like please help me with your details like your total work experience
and your highest education.

[Customer 04:33]
Is not there but our future in graduation last year in August

[Customer 04:38]
and.

[Sales Agent 04:39]
Booking for What is your highest education like? What did you do in
your crisis? Engineering.

[Customer 04:45]
Fine okay.

[Sales Agent 04:49]
So like you are having more than 50% of numbers, right?

[Sales Agent 04:55]
Okay okay

[Sales Agent 04:57]
okay got it. So do you have any programming understanding like Python,
excel like that?

[Sales Agent 05:03]
Okay okay. So what is the main purpose of looking into this course?
Like are you looking for job opportunities?

[Customer 05:11]
Yeah, that is the like in

[Customer 05:16]
thing. So do you offer station or like any of this?

[Sales Agent 05:20]
I will I will tell you about that also. So in this program of 13
months geetanjali like you need not to worry here again you will be
learning from basics to advance from starting how to install a Python
software in your laptop where Python extracted from that level you
will be learning from here. So you will be not directly stepping into
advanced level context. First you will be starting by step by step. So
from starting basics like how to install a Python like some that level
you will be going into advanced level context

[Sales Agent 05:50]
Okay. So now you mentioned your highest education is only bachelors.
After completing this program, you are your highest education will be
postgraduation.

[Customer 06:00]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 06:01]
Okay, so its completely.

[Customer 06:05]
Bank.

[Sales Agent 06:07]
It will be directly getting certificate from triple IT Bangalore. So
once you complete this 13 months Shikanjali, there will be a proper
convocation will be happening in the university. So you can travel
with the university, you can meet your professors, you can hard copy
your certificates, transcription everything from the university and
you can attend the convocation ceremony also or no vacation. Not
interested. To travel to the university means the hard copy of
certificates, transcription. Everything will be delivered in our first
step.

[Customer 06:37]
So 2 Wheeler fastest.

[Sales Agent 06:40]
This is price date of 3,35,000 including your taxes.

[Customer 06:47]
Lakhs Thirtyfive, 1000.

[Sales Agent 06:49]
3,35,000 including of taxes and this is not your final price
geethanjali. So you will be getting some sort of discount on the
pricing based upon your eligibility. So you need to submit your
application. In that you need to submit all your details as your
institution, your mask and everything. After that you will be sending
an application to the university. So University will be evaluating
your application

[Sales Agent 07:17]
based upon your all the things if your application is meeting
university terms and conditions. If your application is fulfilling the
university requirement, they will be shortlisting your application. So
once your application is getting shortlisted you will be receiving
official offer letter to your mail ID that you are eligible to take
admission in triple IT Bangalore,

[Sales Agent 07:38]
okay. So apart from that you will be getting from sort of discount you
can't expect more like you will be getting 10 to 15,000 discount.
Suppose if you are getting 15,000 discount the final price will be
3,20,000. So in that you need not to pay entire amount at a time just
you need to pay 25,000 to block your seat. So remaining you are left
with 2,95,000.

[Customer 07:58]
Right, so like EMI what will be the thats?

[Sales Agent 08:02]
What I am coming, I am coming to that. So after paying 25,000 you will
be left with 2,95,000.

[Sales Agent 08:09]
So this 2,95,000 you can convert into EMI. So there are 2 options in
EMI, One is no cost EMI and one is standard EMI. So if you want to go
with low cost EMI, the loan tenure will be 12 months

[Sales Agent 08:23]
so there will be no interest charge for you no Mukesh. 12 months is
getting shorter duration for me. I want to go with a longer tenure EMI
link. You can go up to 60 months like like 18 months 24364248 and 60.
If you are going above 2 and one, the rate of interest will be 9
percentage

[Sales Agent 08:42]
and for both you can foreclose your EMI at any point of time. There
will be no any foreclosure charges applicable for you

[Sales Agent 08:51]
and this match is going to start from year.

[Customer 08:54]
Of like till address

[Customer 09:02]
me like how often would it be?

[Sales Agent 09:04]
Completely online. So you will be having 2 semesters every 6 months.
Apart from semesters, you will be having your life projects, case
studies and assignments.

[Customer 09:15]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:16]
Okay so this entire program. It is a graded system out of 4 CG clear.
You need to get 2.4 to qualify this program.

[Customer 09:26]
Order 42.5.

[Sales Agent 09:28]
Yes, out of 4 you need to get 2.4. It's not like that you are only
restricted to 2.4. If you are pushing yourself to 3 or more than 3,
there are high chances to get placed in top Mncs so coming to the
payments. So

[Sales Agent 09:43]
we have partnered with 350 plus hiring companies from starting
startups to top analysis like Microsoft, Apple, Google,

[Sales Agent 09:52]
Infosys. Like that you need not to go anyway for a job opportunity.
Geetanjali You can take a number of job opportunities with us until
and unless you get your satisfactory job or practicing.

[Customer 10:03]
Making.

[Sales Agent 10:04]
Resume.

[Customer 10:05]
Or.

[Sales Agent 10:05]
Yes everything will be taken care so you can attend like a number of
injuries like 15202530 until and unless you get your satisfactory job
or package in your hand. So for that like we will be giving complete
training how to attend a interview like what are the questions they
will be asking, how you need to respond to that from personal
technical round to final hriday discussion round and we will be
preparing your resignation. LinkedIn profiles also.

[Sales Agent 10:33]
So no matter what how many interviews you are attending. So if you are
attending for 15 different interviews, we need to give complete
training for 15 different interviews we.

[Customer 10:42]
Need to one second. This live session is on Saturday, Sunday.

[Sales Agent 10:47]
Like.

[Customer 10:48]
Compulsory to attend it.

[Sales Agent 10:51]
It's compulsory to attend like those are very important. Why? Because
you will be interacting. No no. If we you will later on you will be
also getting recorded as well for that. So if you are attending the
location.

[Customer 11:02]
Flight.

[Sales Agent 11:04]
Sorry.

[Customer 11:06]
Yeah, she is

[Customer 11:06]
suggested to attend it flight.

[Sales Agent 11:09]
Yes, so it will be a interaction session. You can talk to your
professors if you are having any doubts so we dont have to miss out
that

[Sales Agent 11:19]
and as a fresher those are having no experience. After completing this
program, we are getting them in the place of average 8,00,000 to
12,00,000 package

[Sales Agent 11:31]
Okay and if you are performing well, if you are giving your 100% best
in the interviews, if you are maintaining groups, if you there are
learners with us as a treasure who got like 1516, 17,00,000 package as
well I think package these who got placed with us.

[Customer 11:51]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:53]
So you know, right. So this machine learning and additional
intelligence, it is emerging technology not only you some pictures to
those are having 20 years of experience, 25 years of experience people
are doing this for recently last 2000. So one of the Vice president,
yeah, so, so last 2 days back one of the Vice President of JP Morgan
has same program,

[Sales Agent 12:18]
So one of the director from Captain Gas and also same program

[Sales Agent 12:24]
because if you want to sustain in the IT industry for next 15 to 20
years, this is only one and only option for you. There is no second
option for you

[Sales Agent 12:35]
so like you are.

[Customer 12:36]
Not working about.

[Sales Agent 12:37]
The.

[Customer 12:38]
EMI part.

[Sales Agent 12:40]
See I told you right. So the final price is 3,10,000. You will be
getting some 10 to 15,000 discount.

[Customer 12:48]
Okay. So if you are getting 95, would be divided in.

[Sales Agent 12:52]
12 months.

[Customer 12:54]
12.

[Sales Agent 12:55]
Months. If you go with low cost EMA there will be no interest charge
for you

[Sales Agent 13:00]
Okay okay. So by EMI amount will be coming around 25,000 at that per
month. No Mukesh 12 months is getting shorter duration for me. I want
so with a longer tenure EMI means you can go up to 60 months, 5 years
like 18 months, 24 months, 36 months, 8 months and 50 months. Yes, up
to 5 years if you are going above.

[Customer 13:22]
28 months.

[Sales Agent 13:24]
If you are going above 12 months, the rate interest will be 9
percentage.

[Customer 13:29]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:30]
And you can foreclose your EM at any point of time. There will be no
any forecloses charges applicable for you.

[Customer 13:38]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:39]
Yeah. So now you are now working like who is going to take care of
your financial part? You will be funding yourself for

[Sales Agent 13:47]
anyone will be helping you. I.

[Customer 13:49]
Think my parents would be helping in it.

[Sales Agent 13:52]
Okay, so have you discussed with the parents regarding this?

[Customer 13:56]
Not yet. I will get back to you again. I have just like started
looking for it. So just get back.

[Sales Agent 14:02]
I dont want to think it already so if you are available at 12:00 o
clock I will be sharing on Google meet link for you. So if you are
joining in that I can share your I can share my screen. I can walk you
through the website, course, curriculum and who are your professors
will be taking

[Sales Agent 14:17]
and how your certificate will be and what are the companies you are
going to attend for the interview. And next we will secure eligibility
part. Whether you are eligible to pick up you can provide you or not.
So why because you know about reply to Bangalore right? It is the top
university. There will be no issues seats available. So there will be
only limited seats of 65 to 70 seats. Already admissions are being
started. If you want to get a good scholarship like it will be fixed
based on bus come and first out.

[Customer 14:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:51]
Okay, so are you available at 12:00 o clock?

[Customer 14:56]
Yeah, I

[Customer 15:00]
okay in the evening like around.

[Sales Agent 15:04]
Not in 4:00 o'clock.

[Customer 15:08]
Yeah, 4 around 4, yeah.

[Sales Agent 15:11]
Okay, so we will connect at 4:00 o clock Anjali. Meanwhile I will be
sharing all these details, vouchers and everything to your WhatsApp.
Please go through one and if you are having any other queries you can
please make a note of that and we can also discuss on the time Sir.

[Sales Agent 15:28]
So I think I can see here you are from Bangalore as well, right?

[Sales Agent 15:32]
I think you know about this University 888. It is located in
Electronic City.

[Customer 15:38]
Got.

[Sales Agent 15:41]
It

[Sales Agent 15:41]
okay no issues. Lets connect at 4:00. O'clock, okay So and we will
discuss the remaining things.

[Customer 15:50]
Thank you.

[Sales Agent 15:51]
Thank you so much.
