[Customer 00:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello.

[Customer 00:04]
Is this Haan Jee?

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Subhash Singh, I am.

[Customer 00:06]
Talking to Yes, I am Subhash.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yes Sir. Hi Subhash, how may I website? I actually called you from
April

[Sales Agent 00:14]
Okay. Hi, how are you?

[Customer 00:17]
All well, yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:19]
Okay. So Subhash, actually you were in the website today in the
morning somewhere right

[Sales Agent 00:27]
And you are exploring related to Hesar. So I wanted to know more about
about your profile key, why you are looking for this HR related thing.

[Customer 00:35]
Basically I am into a career transition phase right now. I was being
into sales for 3 years and now I want to shift into like Makemytrip in
HR field. So that's why I wanted to do some course related to it. Sir,
I am also pursuing my masters in MBA like my MBA nature, my second
like this, my second semester going second year going on.

[Customer 01:03]
So by the time I complete my NDAI wanted to do some good course in Sr
so that I can have some like internship,

[Customer 01:11]
internship or some jobs related to that.

[Sales Agent 01:15]
Okay definitely I can help you out with this prabhas so but before
that I would like to have a discussion over your profile. Okay, So can
you just let me know about your educational background detail Ki what
is your graduation into and this 3 years of journey which you told
into your professional experience like these all things.

[Customer 01:35]
Okay, so I will start with the education background. So I passed from
lovely professional university in 2017,

[Customer 01:45]
so I was doing my bachelors over there.

[Sales Agent 01:48]
Bachelors into which?

[Customer 01:50]
Bachelors in Business Administration DBA owner.

[Customer 01:55]
So I complete my GBA owner in 20.

[Sales Agent 01:58]
17.

[Customer 01:59]
Yeah, after that I prepared a person government take competitive exam
for 2 years and

[Customer 02:05]
I see there are lot of like people going there and potential even
getting the job are very limited. So the competition is very high. So
I thought it would be better if I start my professional journey. So as
I was passionate with sports so I joined the carton sports India as I
said the executive over there. Then after working for I worked there
for 3 years and this year in 2023 I could do the job because I feel
that this is not my major

[Customer 02:35]
like rules which I would be focusing on my career in the future. So
while do while working for the Carson For last 3 years I have been
into many budgets. My role was Omni sport leader in which you have to
track the customer success and guide them according to their sports
queries. I was also the part of customer success team For 1.5 years. I
have taken care of sustainability project, the store sustainability
project

[Customer 03:01]
for 1.5 years in which we have to take care of all the sustainable
things in the store and I was also I have also taken the project of
piloting. Do you see the store panel and all. So I have been into 3
different parts like 3 different projects and my designation was same.
It was like only sport leaders but I have been part of 3 projects.
Apart from this I was the CRM customer relationship manager for the
store and I was also a daily manager for the store

[Customer 03:33]
in which we have to take care of the operational things in the store
and economic in all the things in the store.

[Sales Agent 03:41]
And

[Sales Agent 03:41]
this side, OK got it. But now currently are you working into in your
like are you working anywhere or not?

[Customer 03:48]
No, I am not working anywhere. I am looking for part time drops
because by the time I will be graduated completing my masters so that
I can like have them money so that I can pursue some other posts in
HR.

[Customer 04:04]
That's why I am looking for a part time job right now.

[Sales Agent 04:08]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 04:08]
got it. And one more thing is that may I know what was your previous
CTC?

[Customer 04:14]
It was 4.3 Ltd.

[Sales Agent 04:18]
Okay got it Okay. So currently exactly you are looking for a part time
job and or like parallel. You are also looking for a certification or
some course related to this, right?

[Customer 04:30]
So.

[Sales Agent 04:31]
How you will be able to manage your finance regarding this brush?

[Customer 04:38]
I mean last

[Customer 04:41]
my family to be surely helping. Otherwise I have to. I mean financial

[Customer 04:49]
help with my friends and all. I can also go with credit card like in
go with the part time job. The part time jobs are available. Its just
I have not started. I am planning to start from January. You.

[Sales Agent 05:01]
Have good amount of experiences. You said you have 2 years of
experience. Sorry,

[Sales Agent 05:05]
3 years of experience.

[Customer 05:07]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 05:08]
So 3 years of experience you are having indefinitely will be having
multiple opportunities for the part time job I believe.

[Customer 05:15]
OK.

[Sales Agent 05:15]
OK, so as you said, even you can seek help from your family and I
believe you also might have a little savings.

[Customer 05:23]
Yeah, correct.

[Sales Agent 05:26]
Okay, so and also you said about that you are pursuing your MBA into
HR, right? May I know from which college you are doing it from?

[Customer 05:34]
I am currently doing it from Asim only and MINMIMS from distance mode
yeah from.

[Sales Agent 05:41]
Distance mode.

[Sales Agent 05:43]
I believe you are on 3rd Mr now.

[Customer 05:46]
Okay, that is correct, Sir.

[Sales Agent 05:48]
Okay. Got it. Okay. So by the time of 2024 somewhere around you will
be able to complete your NBA and along with that also you men click. I
want to know about your career aspiration subhash for our like what it
is. Why do you want to see yourself into down the line one to 2 years?

[Customer 06:09]
One to 2 years I wanted to be Sr Manager at the specialist and some
reputed Sir because while working in the caffeine so I was on the very
basic level. It was a entry level job but I have been into, I have
like as I was experienced enough. So I have

[Customer 06:27]
been a part of like 34 projects in the store and I was having a lot of
good opportunities over there. But because of my health issues I quit
that job. So if my health issues was were not a problem, I could have
continued that journey

[Customer 06:42]
and after that I was I was nominated to be a coach. So coach is
basically a manager who manages a team. I I have earlier exposure of
managing a team of 10 but I was not at that role. Its just that in the
absence of my manager I was the manager team. So at that

[Customer 07:02]
time, I feel that human management is the key to success because when
we my team and do trading team facilitation mall. So that is the main
thing which grow our business. Basically

[Customer 07:15]
if you are training the team, if you are taking care of the team
requirement, if you are good with conflict resolution and all. So
these are all the things which keeps the employee motivated. So going
down with this line, I wanted to join the Aqua team of Picassoon only
but because of my health issues I quit from the customer otherwise I
would be having good opportunities to move into HR team of Vikas one.
So now I thought like as I have quit so why not to go with some
certification and games

[Customer 07:47]
gain some knowledge and skills.

[Sales Agent 07:50]
Also add some value to your.

[Customer 07:52]
Profile. So that is why I have continued my NDA and apart from this I
am looking for some good course which can improve my skills so that

[Customer 08:04]
I could be a like an efficient HR manager or HR specialist income
company or an HRBP personal I.

[Sales Agent 08:12]
Understand I understand one thing. I would like to specify you that I
wont be giving you any false assurity that you would be. You would be
becoming HRBPHR manager in in this 2 years only

[Sales Agent 08:26]
because you are entering into a new domain. But obviously that I I
agree that you are having this particular skills experience you are
having that is added benefit to you to enter into this field Okay. But
within 2 years definitely

[Sales Agent 08:41]
definitely I cannot assure you with that you will be able to become a
HRDPRHR manager because that is something based like that is
something. If you are working into this field from like more than 2
years or 3 years then you can expect this kind of roles.

[Customer 08:57]
Got it.

[Sales Agent 08:58]
Okay, because I I don't want to give you any false hope for something
that.

[Customer 09:02]
Will be connected. I am totally aware about that, yeah.

[Sales Agent 09:05]
Yeah, okay. But definitely the experience which you are carrying,
right like you you reset key, you are having you handled the team when
your manager was absent. In in the absence of your manager you handled
the team and you have this particular skills in you and that is going
to be an added benefit to you to have a good career growth

[Sales Agent 09:24]
Okay. Definitely you can expect yourself to be a HR manager or like
you can expect yourself to be or a senior consultant or a assistant
manager into this 2 years okay because of your skills which you are
having already okay. Just to add on to this you are also doing MBA
into HR so that will also give you some good HR background to enter
into this field. One more thing is to add a good value as well that
plays a CE role right? And unto which also you need to secure your
future into this right.

[Sales Agent 09:55]
It's not that you are entering to this field and it it's going to work
out for everyone right? So to secure your future also you need to
think on it. You need to have particular skills which are going to be
helpful in your future lead to safeguard your future into coming
decade, 11:50 years. You need to stage garden into this particular
domain if you are entering into right? Yeah. So regarding to this may
I know have you explored the website? Have you already gone through
the details of the website or something you have in your mind?

[Customer 10:26]
I was going with few courses

[Customer 10:28]
and I am little bit confused about the courses. Which one should
should I offer? Because there are a lot of courses available on the
Internet so I have been on upgrade courses also. It was escalated by
like I am cosy code right.

[Sales Agent 10:43]
I am Kozhikode.

[Customer 10:45]
So

[Customer 10:48]
it is also a good course but I didnt get like other courses. Other
courses are like a journalist or HR englands, but I I feel this is a
blend of both the courses.

[Customer 10:59]
Am I correct?

[Sales Agent 11:00]
Yeah, it is actually a blend of HR management and analytics. Both like
to get a proper knowledge to brush up your skills into, like into HR
dummy, plus to safeguard your future into coming down the line one
11:50 years minimum.

[Customer 11:16]
Okay again. If I look into, yeah.

[Customer 11:21]
So if I look into Sr Annual text as it is mentioned in the course, If
I look into other SRM letics course, it is totally like

[Customer 11:31]
technical. So in this course I feel there are only 22 main technical
softwares are used. But on

[Customer 11:41]
on some courses which are available online

[Customer 11:45]
a lot of options which are available like MongoDB and all. There are a
lot of research and analytical part was covered. But in this course I
feel only 2 softwares are covered.

[Sales Agent 11:57]
OK.

[Customer 11:58]
So I wanted to ask like what kind of like course will it be? Because
it is not not analytical and not journalist kind of thing. So

[Customer 12:10]
I am a bit confused about the course curriculum basically.

[Sales Agent 12:13]
Okay okay, No worries. I will give you a glance about how this program
is going to be, what are the things that are covered and like multiple
things which you have in your mind. You can ask me related to this, I
will be there to help you out. Basically I can say there are 3
programs into HR in Upgrad Okay. So that is going to be for a fresher,
complete fresher who has zero experience and a graduation okay.

[Sales Agent 12:39]
So that is the different program we offer that is would be from Liba
University into HR Management, Executive Postgraduate Program into HR
Management from Liba University. That is for the complete fresher Okay

[Sales Agent 12:51]
and for the intermediate level people who have from 2 to 5 years of
experience and who want to upskill theirself okay and to establish a
good career into this Okay. Those who are expecting some salary hike
or some good position into this. So we offer this program. I am
Kozhikode and the people who have 5 to 10 years of experience or 10
plus years of experience

[Sales Agent 13:15]
who already have good amount of experience but also want to grab some
senioral position right?

[Sales Agent 13:23]
VP, Okay, head of HR right? For those 10 year old position in depth
knowledge if they want we have exhilarate gam shaped program. So based
on your experience, your knowledge and everything and your
requirements as well also matters. So based on these things we
actually suggest the program because not all programs are meant for
everyone right? So based on requirements and everything, we suggest a
program.

[Customer 13:48]
Okay and how this program will would help me in gaining a potential
profile in future.

[Sales Agent 13:55]
Yeah, sure. I will just let you know about this. But before I just
give you a glance, what is this program about? So it's going to be a
professional certificate program in HR management and HR analytics
part

[Sales Agent 14:07]
Okay. So this is the only program in India. You can go check it by
yourself if you want do to do any research or something because this
is the only program in India which has 2 major topics covered into it.
And if you are going for some other program or something, you can just
look on to it. It is going to be just HR analytics. There would be no
HR management into it, right Okay. And there are 2 major topics
covered and this is especially offered from IIM Koi Core. So

[Sales Agent 14:35]
I believe you know about IIM, right? You have heard of it? Okay.
Definitely you might have heard about Iim, but not IIM. Kozhikode
Kashmiri.

[Customer 14:43]
I have my friends studying there, so I know from it, yeah.

[Sales Agent 14:46]
Okay so this I am Koi Code is actually a top 3rd ranked college all
over in India into this high end family. Okay. So it is a very
prestigious college and you are going to get a the direct classes. So
I can say the live sessions would be directly provided to you from IIN
faculty itself,

[Sales Agent 15:05]
Okay Sir and Kozhikode faculty who is there TN Krishnan, Kapil Verma
and Prantika Rai you can say you can just check on the LinkedIn
profile as well, you will get to know more about them. So these
faculties who are taking the offline classes over there, the same
faculty would also take the live sessions for you into this program.
And this program is going to be a short term program like I can say it
is going to be for 5 months and this is completely going to be
complete

[Sales Agent 15:32]
practical orientation program. I can say okay yeah because the major
thing we focus on is that to have a hands on experience because you
are a working professional and the theoretical things does not matter
more Here the only thing that is required is to have a good
implementation of the things which you are learning, right. Then you
should be able to implement the things you are learning. So that what
actually what matters into as a working profession

[Sales Agent 16:01]
right. So for that this program is completely designed in such a way
that it is practical orientation. OK, like practical exposure I can
say wherein you will be like learning along with that parameter you
will also implementing the things on the project that is going to be a
real life project. So

[Sales Agent 16:20]
in the first 4 months, initial 4 months, you will be learning all the
things and tools and technologies, particular skills sets, some like
everything you will be learning. So along with that to implement
those, there will be some case studies given to you along with that
like you need to implement those

[Sales Agent 16:35]
and in the 5th month Okay which is going to be the last or the final
part of this course in the 5th month, they will provide you with the
real life project. So are you aware of what is real life project was?
Yeah.

[Customer 16:47]
I mean they will be projects and all in which we have to do English
and all making presentation and collecting the data on the real basis.

[Sales Agent 16:58]
Like real life data to tell you, to give you a small idea is that we
have partnerships with many of the companies. So they are working on
certain set of data, right that companies,

[Sales Agent 17:10]
employees are also working on that particular data. So that data will
also be given to you like the copy of that data will be given to you
because there is very confidential and not every everybody can get
that realised data, right. Even the employees are working on that. The
same data will be given to you wherein you won't get any answers
because it is unsolved right. Yes, their employees are working on to
working on towards to solve those that data. So even that data will be
given to you wherein you need to solve it

[Sales Agent 17:40]
Okay. So it is going to be on a real time basis. So you wont get
answers on Google, you won't get answers anywhere. You have to make
your hand with the team into this, yeah.

[Sales Agent 17:50]
So that is how we actually convey okay. And the major thing is that as
I mentioned, it is going to be a real life project. You wont be able
to do it by yourself

[Sales Agent 18:02]
Sir. You need proper guidance to it. Because there should be a person
who has pretty good knowledge into this. That person will be there to
guide to you. I can take the person who has 1520 years of experience
into this particular domain with whom we term as the industry expert
right who has 1520 years of expire like experience into this
particular domain. There are industry experts only right? So they will
be assigned to you wherein they will be guiding you how to work on
this and there will be some case studies or some scenarios will be
will be given to you and some problem statements will be given to you
over the live session only okay. So there will be live sessions right?
So they will provide you with some problem statement, some scenarios
and you have to put your leg into that particular situation, okay

[Sales Agent 18:46]
and think likewise and give a proper solution for that. As an Sr you
you might know key you have to take the proper decisions to build a
company, to build a team basically right you have to hire proper
people. You cannot take any bad decisions and definitely will be
questioned for it. For hiring wrong people, right you need to hire
proper. What I can say, you need to hire good people. You have to
recognise them and that is not an easy task.

[Customer 19:13]
Right.

[Sales Agent 19:13]
Right, Yeah. And for these all of these things and along with that as
an HR, you will be also taking some business decisions as well, right.
So for that you need this analytical part right? Because I can just
think are you aware of BI tools?

[Sales Agent 19:32]
Okay Are you only? Yes our BI is there, Tableau is there, SQL is
there. Like there are multiple tools okay. But why we dont

[Sales Agent 19:44]
suggest those other tools and why we prefer tableau? There is a like
special reason for it because the people who are into this Sr
background are from non technical background right?

[Sales Agent 19:55]
So they dont know about, they dont have much knowledge about coding
and programming. Yes, like this. Tableau is similar to Power BI only
it's like using an Excel sheet, Okay Google spreadsheet and using Ms
Excel what are the same thing but have a different name.

[Sales Agent 20:14]
Right Sir, our BI&W are 2 such tools which are similar to each other.
There is no big difference in in these 2 rules and to learn Power BI
you will at least require 8 to 9 months.

[Sales Agent 20:29]
It's not an easy task to learn Power BI, It requires coding,
programming knowledge first they will take initially they will take
one month of classes for you for the basics only to learn this
programming and coding and that is very hectic for the working
professional as well right? Because of that only this tableau which is
going to be covered into this program that does not require coding and
programming Okay but still gives you the same result as Power BI.
There is no difference

[Sales Agent 20:57]
okay. So that is the reason they have chose Tableau over this okay
Tablu over Power BI is chosen because of this reason only to be very
convenient to use and very convenient to learn as well. Because you
dont have such a patience. Now to learn all this coding programming
and then implement the things that is going to be a hectic job and the
time frame is very less that you can actually give towards learning
Okay. It is going to be a 5 month program in which

[Sales Agent 21:24]
you will be learning all of these things like family would be covered.
OK, Tableau will actually help. Like, do you know why Tableau is used
into this particular domain?

[Customer 21:35]
No.

[Sales Agent 21:36]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 21:38]
even this mom would be in audio. Yeah, I mean all all those things
help in data visualization. So data visualization is the thing and one
more thing for an example as an HR you will be hiring the people you
will be working certain set of data which is going to be sourcing
checklist you would be having. There are multiple things you will be
dealing with, multiple data, multiple information you will be dealing
with and usually HR. All of this HR maintain all these data in the
excel only. There is no

[Sales Agent 22:08]
other tool that they are using

[Sales Agent 22:09]
okay and that's what makes their work more hectic for them. Okay and
they won't be able to track the data. Also is there. Like if I show
you a pen and I write P and pen like we as a human we are going to
remember the thing which I showed you, not the things which I wrote
right. We tend to remember the pictorial things not the return one
right? So likewise it will help you to convert your data into
pictorial form. I can say it helps you to get the visualization of the
data which you are having and that will help you to

[Sales Agent 22:43]
work efficiency and take a data driven decision. Got it.

[Customer 22:48]
Okay, got it. Okay. So about this corporate Yeah, about the software,
how like will we be provided the paid version or a link will be
provided to download it?

[Sales Agent 23:00]
How it will be for everyone? They will provide you the link, Yeah
that's the reason right? Power BI you need to pay and for targets you
don't need to pay, it's free of cost. The only thing is that you need
to learn it in a proper way how to utilise it in your domain. But

[Sales Agent 23:15]
everybody can learn it from YouTube or some someone but they don't
know how to use it in their domain. That is the main problem.

[Sales Agent 23:22]
That is where people actually like.

[Customer 23:25]
OK.

[Sales Agent 23:27]
Got it. And

[Sales Agent 23:28]
I believe you know you have a little knowledge on Excel.

[Customer 23:32]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 23:33]
Okay okay Advanced XL you are moving or only basic Excel you know.

[Customer 23:38]
Advance XLI have like as an NCM I was a piloting reference so we have
to do a lot of sort of calculations. So

[Customer 23:47]
I have used all kind of formulas in that advanced experience. Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:51]
Then it is the added benefit for you because they will also teach you
how this advanced fixer is going to help you out in HR domain Okay.
Because it will help you to take the graph, take the statistics okay

[Sales Agent 24:04]
and like. I will give you just a small scenario where this is going to
be helpful Okay. So if you are hiring a person, OK. If you are hiring
a person you have certain checklist right? That person should be like
this. They have to answer this way like you have certain checklist
that is going to be 32 checklist. Usually they follow okay. So Sr
usually have 32 checklist okay and out of which you need to clear at
least Twentyfour.

[Sales Agent 24:31]
So then only like they will hire you and you cannot take the decisions
based on your gut feeling that I need to hire this person or
something.

[Sales Agent 24:39]
They have to clear all of this criteria's and then only you will be
able to hire them. And what if they already clear this and even after
that they are not able to work efficiently right. So there are certain
things which actually affect okay for which you would be needing this
advanced excel. First of all family will give you all the data related
to that hiring, that recruitment that person that that will give you a
visualization and later on taking that data you can put it in advanced
excess okay and you will get a statistic how this person has performed
into particular criteria and everything and they are that you can hire
that person. So this is just a small scenario where this both of these
tools are going to help you out

[Sales Agent 25:19]
and there are multiple scenarios where this is going to help you out.
But this is just a small an example I have given to you.

[Customer 25:25]
Okay understood.

[Sales Agent 25:26]
Yeah, is not clear about this information.

[Customer 25:30]
Yeah, yeah, I got it. I wanted to ask about the lectures part. I mean,
if I enroll in the project, how would the lectures going to be taken
and on which day it will be taken? Would it be a week and bath, would
it be weekday bath? About that.

[Sales Agent 25:45]
Coming to the mode of conveying of the classes, definitely like the
classes would be on 2 day basis okay but you need to attend any one of
those which is going to be in Saturday and on Sunday. So we have a
class slot for Saturday second half

[Sales Agent 26:02]
and another class would be for Sunday first half.

[Customer 26:05]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 26:06]
So based on your convenience you can attend any one of them. Like if
you are free on Saturday you can attend it on Saturday and if you are
free on Sunday you can attend it on Sunday. So you have 2 slots. Based
on your flexibility you can choose any one of those and attend the
classes and that would be directly delivered from IIM Kozhikode
faculty itself. As I mentioned the names before, right, the faculty
name, so those faculties would be taking the classes

[Sales Agent 26:30]
apart. Karonda Okay. So like you know right, these lecturers are just
going to teach you okay because they have not. They never have worked
as an HI because what HR domain is, how it works, everything they know
but they have never worked as an Sr right? This is the thing that we
everybody needs to agree on this point. So that's the reason the
person who has good amount of experience into some topics I can say
some employee Wellness and healthy.

[Sales Agent 27:00]
So this lecture do not have such a good scenario or idea about these
things employee Wellness and all things right? So for those some
particular topics who have good good amount of experience and
expertise into that particular domain, even the enough experts would
also be taking to the classes okay industry sessions which we call as
even those things will also help you out because experience also
matters right? Not only theoretical knowledge matters, even the
experience of the people also matters into this okay.

[Sales Agent 27:28]
Yeah so this is how it is going to be and like it's not just going to
be a live session, it is going to be a interesting session. As I
mentioned before key there will be some post ID is given to you, some
scenarios and some problem statements would be given to you right. So
these all things would be given to you over the live session and you
need to solve them in the live session only. Okay. We dont want some
extra time to invest into it and also to make the learning more
engagement or like we want for more engagement from yourself into this
learning

[Sales Agent 27:58]
to make it more interactive right. So this all case studies and
everything would be given to you over the life session and you need to
do it in the life session only.

[Customer 28:08]
OK.

[Sales Agent 28:09]
And it and this is how you will be able to have a proper interaction
with the faculty as well. If you dont know right how to give a
solution for particular situation then definitely you need to interact
with the faculty key. How this is going to be there as an HR? What
decisions I need to take at this particular moment? What if this
problem is there how do I resolve it Sir, you will you will obviously
have a discussion with them right? Right. This will, yeah this is from
I am Koi code and definitely they do have certain

[Sales Agent 28:39]
prestige I can say for the quality of learning only, right? So even
they ensure that you are having a quality learning even in the online
mode.

[Customer 28:48]
Understood, Okay. Got it. Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:50]
And like you cannot go directly and attend the live session because
you wont have any prior idea to what they are going to teach or
something right? And you wont be able to grasp the things as well. You
dont want to happen this. So that is the reason what they do. Prior to
your live session in the weekdays from Monday to Friday they will
provide you with the recorded session from the ion security itself.
Okay

[Sales Agent 29:14]
till then they will record the sessions for you to give an idea see
what is going to be discussed in the live session. So that you wont be
blank in the live session right And that is going to be around 30
minutes or 45 minutes of your daily time and you are able to manage it
then its well and good if you are not able to manage and anyhow it is
recorded right? So you can watch it in your own flexible time in the
lunch break or somewhere or in the moisture or morning person, early
bird or we can say so. You can watch it in early morning or if you are
night, or you can watch it in late evening. Whenever you have a little
time you can just watch it

[Sales Agent 29:48]
and have a idea. So what is going to be there in the live session,
Sir?

[Sales Agent 29:53]
Okay. So this is how the mode of learning, like how they are going to
convey okay. Yeah. And study.

[Customer 30:02]
Material.

[Sales Agent 30:03]
Sorry.

[Customer 30:04]
Will we be provided with the study materials also?

[Sales Agent 30:08]
Study materials would be provided online itself,

[Sales Agent 30:12]
yeah.

[Customer 30:13]
I mean is there any book or there will be only EPTS and all?

[Sales Agent 30:17]
Yeah, those all things would be given to you whether Learning
management system or like once if you enroll, you will be getting the
credentials right you, you will be logging into it. So there you will
be provided with the ebooks and everything. Even the recorded live
session would be happening, right. Even if you miss the live session,
recording would be there and the prerecorded contents, they are
sharing it every like daily basis they will be sharing you right?

[Sales Agent 30:40]
Even those things would be there like these. All things would be
scores. Material would be provided to you.

[Sales Agent 30:46]
Yeah, okay. I hope I was clear about this information,

[Sales Agent 30:51]
Okay. So coming to the syllabus part, I can say this is majorly going
to be focused on the talent acquisition card. So I believe, you know,
there are 2 major parts into HR Okay.

[Sales Agent 31:04]
One is going to be a talent acquisition. Another one would be talent
management.

[Customer 31:09]
Correct.

[Sales Agent 31:09]
Correct, Okay. This is majorly focusing on to talent acquisition Okay.
But along with that, this also has some brush on skills into HR talent
management as well because you wont be staying into the same position
for a longer period of time, right. So definitely after one or 2
years, after 23 years, definitely you will be expecting some senior
position wherein you need to have a proper knowledge even about the
talent management as well,

[Sales Agent 31:36]
right. So for that even to help you out with the promotion or for a
senior position or something given that thing is also covered into it.
But basically it is solely focused on the talent acquisition part,
which is going to be for the store thing and everything. How this
analytical part is going to help you out? Did we have a discussion
over this

[Sales Agent 31:57]
okay. So even like I can say the all of this companies nowadays have
been working on data only, like the particular information which they
are having,

[Sales Agent 32:06]
we term it as data only, right? So everything has been digitalised.
Now post pandemic the things are different. Pre pandemic the things
were different, right? Everybody was going to office and doing the
work. Nobody has had this work from home culture right now everybody
is having this work from home culture right? And even if the people
are going to office and doing the work, but they dont, but they know
that they this work can be done from work, from home only,

[Sales Agent 32:32]
right? The data is in such a way that even if a pandemic comes again,
so everybody would be ready to do work from home because the data is
converted into such a way if it is convenient to work even from work
from home as well, right? So for that you need to have some technical
like aspirations in your mind. Key technical aspects should be there
in your mind with like as we discussed, right? Sadly, was there?

[Sales Agent 32:56]
Yes. So these things are going to help you out. Okay even like the
things have been digitalized even if they go for work from home
culture or something. Again, So this part is going to help you out.
And another thing is that

[Sales Agent 33:08]
as I mentioned it is going to help you out to take a proper decision
like so that you don't lack anywhere so that you don't be questioned
anywhere.

[Sales Agent 33:16]
But these are all things this analytical part you are going to help
you out and also it will help you to create the strategies to work.

[Sales Agent 33:25]
Because on I was going on a video position you wont be working on the
data set, you will be taking proper decisions. That's the only thing
you have to and that thing you cannot go wrong.

[Sales Agent 33:35]
It's you need to make some proper strategies and give to the company.
And if you are going to be an SRBP or some something, right after 5
years or something, you are definitely going to be a HRBP into this HR
business partner. We say right for that position and all you need to
take some business decisions as well. But for that you need to make
some good strategies and that is completely into account and not in
the company's hand or some NDA something. You have to make all of
these things and then like pass it on to the seniors again,

[Sales Agent 34:04]
right? For that you need to take the proper decisions. You have to do
a data driven status like statistics and strategies. You have to work
on it, yes.

[Sales Agent 34:14]
So This is why this analytical part is coming into this force. I can
say, or I even mentioned you right to safeguard your future into
coming 11:50 years.

[Customer 34:23]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 34:24]
Yeah.

[Customer 34:25]
I mean the course curriculum is really good. Could you please, could
you please explain how about the placement is gonna work? Should I
have to apply

[Customer 34:35]
so?

[Sales Agent 34:36]
Like yeah sure.

[Sales Agent 34:38]
I am going to guide you out through like through this process. Okay.
The major thing is that you are going to get a certificate which is
directly going to be from IIM Kozhikode not from Atlanta. There is no
Co branded. This certificate is solely from I am Koi Ko Distance

[Sales Agent 34:55]
Okay so there would be no logo. There would be no mentioning of upgrad
or anything. I will share you a sample certificate as well. You can
see it Okay and when you are getting a 4 certificate from IOM that
only holds a good value in the market because I am name only is a
brand time right? So that will help you out in your job. And suppose
if you are hiring a person and you have a candidate who has a
certificate from IIM and who has done a some degree from normal
college, whom do you give more preference to?

[Customer 35:28]
For sure, the reputed college.

[Sales Agent 35:30]
Yes. So that is how it is going to be applied for your profile as well
Okay because if you are going to apply anywhere, definitely we help
you to provide with the opportunities And apart from that even if you
are applying anywhere the same thing works for you as well Okay and
there also no key or you have killed you know the current trends of
the market. So you already have the skills you you require. So that is
how like there are more chances that you get a lot of opportunities

[Sales Agent 35:59]
Okay and the major thing which you said about the placement thing
right see you do sourcing for the people know if you are hiring for
some person you do sourcing right

[Sales Agent 36:11]
like you are already pursuing MBA it has. So you might to be aware of
this sourcing part if I am not wrong okay so sourcing that you will
search for the candidates over some portals. So like which portal do
you go for to search the candidate?

[Customer 36:25]
15 Portals

[Customer 36:27]
Q Basics are first Test, moxie.com, Linden Monster and there are so
many indeed. Also Internshala for internships and all and few other
hotels for yeah for technical domains.

[Sales Agent 36:42]
So you know this right? You you have a little idea. You will get
candidates from this. This is portal. You will get some candidates
from this this portal. So you have a idea about where you get the
candidate,

[Sales Agent 36:52]
right? So similarly we have have you heard about 500 fortune companies

[Sales Agent 37:00]
you you have heard about it right? Yes.

[Sales Agent 37:03]
So this 514 companies is what key stuff, 500 companies in the world,
Okay, some reputed companies in the world throughout the world out of
which 300 plus companies upgrade has tie up with because Upgrad is a
Unicorn company. I believe you know what is Unicorn company. Yes, so
Abrad is a Unicorn company. So that is the reason we have 300 plus
hiring partners with them Okay,

[Sales Agent 37:26]
Okay

[Sales Agent 37:28]
like you do 4 things for the candidates, right? Even the companies
also does sourcing for the candidates,

[Sales Agent 37:35]
yeah there.

[Customer 37:36]
You have a tie up with them. They will continue. Okay.

[Sales Agent 37:40]
So they know the people come here to upscure themselves and they dont
need to invest into you right? They dont need to give you money to
learn again to upskill yourself for like another 6 months of time.
Like they know they will get a ready food from you,

[Sales Agent 37:54]
right? So that is the reason they actively hire from Upgrad okay. This
is the major reason reason that many people come here because they get
like eventually they will get multiple opportunities. And one more
thing is that like before you go to any company okay, your CV goes
there or your resume goes there and that should be very different.
That should stand out. That is the reason that they are going to
shortlist your profile, right?

[Customer 38:22]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 38:23]
Yes, for that we have a career mentor assigned to you by which he like
that person will be able to build your profile in such a way that even
like you are applying for any of the company, they will make sure that
that is going to be shortlisted. Okay. Yeah and before like like not
only that things I can say before you your CV goes there and you need
to have proper skills and everything so that career mentor will
prepare your resume or your profile

[Sales Agent 38:53]
like efficiently. They will, they will, they will prepare it. And for
this you don't need to wait for 5 months to complete this program.
Once you are half done with this program, 50 percentage of your
program is completed, right for 2 and a half month or 3 months. So we
will start working on your profile okay and eventually when you are
done with your program, you will also have some job opportunities in
your hand like why do, why to waste your time because already you have
some good amount of experience into this, right? Already you have some
experience why to wait for 5 months to get the opportunity

[Sales Agent 39:23]
8. So basically like even when you are half done with the program your
the work starts okay your resume will be built and your profile will
be built and even like we I said that we have hiring partners with
with us 300 plus. So we have a different portal with us for our land
and which we called as Agra delivered. So it's exclusively only for
the learners, not for anyone. Nobody from outside can come there. Okay
this 300 plus companies would be posting their

[Sales Agent 39:53]
vacancies over there everyday.

[Sales Agent 39:56]
So that is how you will be able to get multiple opportunities and also
you should know where to apply and where to not right? Based on your
experience and your profile, your interest and everything. You need to
know where to apply and where to not. For that this career mentor will
help you out to whether to apply for this job or not. The salary would
work out for you or not right? So these all things you need to discuss
with them and then only you need to apply. But they will make sure
that you are getting the opportunities because they will help you with
all the things.

[Sales Agent 40:22]
And one more thing is that if like as I mentioned they will ensure
that your profile is getting shortlisted and later on you need to
clear the interview date that is the major thing into the program. So

[Sales Agent 40:33]
for that what we have the like it completely depends on your skills
okay. But whatever possible from our end we are going to do it. For
that what we do is he like once your profile is shortlisted for any of
the company, you can just let us know if you are having an interview
for the particular date and for particular position and we can mention
the company name.

[Sales Agent 40:53]
So we already have our alumni is working into all of this companies
now, right? So what we will do, we will get in touch with the person
who is already working into that company where you have interviewed.
So that person will take a video call session or take a telephonic
session based on the convenience on that on that particular time.
Whatever is more convenient they will take a video call session or a
telephone a call and then they will tell you okay what are the
expected questions over there, how the interview is going to be okay.
And one more thing is that they will also help you with the revert us
with if they ask you any form Ulta Seedha questions they say no,

[Sales Agent 41:27]
ask you any add on data questions. Also you need to be like you you
should be able to answer it. So they will also help you with the
revertals. They will, they will they themselves will take a mock
interview and they will help you out to clear the interview. So this
is how we are going to help from our end to ensure that you are
getting a job but it is completely up to you to how you are going to
perform that. But everything possible from our end, we are going to
help you out.

[Sales Agent 41:51]
Okay. Got it? Yes, Okay. I hope I was clear about this.

[Customer 41:56]
Yeah, yeah, you are pretty much clear. So let's say I after completing
the course I have got a good opportunity to work with a represented
branch and after that like

[Customer 42:09]
after leaving that company, could you help me with some other
companies also?

[Sales Agent 42:14]
Definitely. What way I can say is that in this program, not only you.
OK, so there are multiple people into into this, people in into this
batch. I can say there are around 60 people into this batch.

[Sales Agent 42:26]
Okay per bank has only 60 people all over India. Only 6060 seats would
be there out of which 57 already have been like filled up. Only 3 are
remaining. Now you can see it on the website that that is clearly
mentioned now. Okay Okay. So this 57 people out of which the people
whom I have like I have talked with them right. Some people have good
amount of experience into this program. Like they have around 89 years
of experience just because they want to learn some technical things.

[Sales Agent 42:57]
They want to upskill themselves, they want to learn their market trend
things they have enrolled in into into this program Okay. And there
are some entrepreneurs into this program Okay. So you can build a good
networking with those people and for some positions they also give a
good referral Okay. You can boot up build. You can build a good
networking into this program that usually I recommend out of this
program. You can have a good contact with them. You can contact your
faculties Okay.

[Sales Agent 43:24]
You can also like have a good networking with them even if you leave
the job or something. You can be in touch with them and get a good
referral or something. Yes

[Sales Agent 43:35]
because referrals are the thing like which majorly considered

[Sales Agent 43:40]
majorly they consider the referral because they already know how that
person is right who have referred it. Based on such things you will be
getting some work opportunities even after this and even after
completion of 5 months post this 6 months. Also this job opportunities
which we are going to be giving

[Sales Agent 43:57]
that would still be there okay even within 6 months. If you leave any
job or something even you can still come back to us. We will help you
out with the new job opportunity.

[Sales Agent 44:07]
Yeah. Yeah. So one more thing is that I was expecting a question from
you but you did not ask.

[Customer 44:14]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 44:15]
Okay, so maybe I will only tell you what that question was supposed to
be. What if you missed both of the classes?

[Customer 44:23]
We have recorded session, Sir.

[Sales Agent 44:25]
Okay. And what if you have any doubts into that?

[Customer 44:29]
May be like LMS is a portal where we can raise our queries and doubt
it will be resolved by like within 48 hours may be?

[Sales Agent 44:37]
No, it's not going to work in that way. Actually we have an upgraded
buddy assigned to you okay. Throughout this course there will there
will be a person who will be there available for you for 24/7 Okay At
any point of time you can call them or have a conversation and if you
miss the class or something

[Sales Agent 44:56]
as you said, you will be provided with the live session recording. You
can watch it out and if you have any doubts or something you can just
let them know like that upgrad body would be there right. So you can
just let them know. Okay I will have a doubt into this this, this this
thing. So what they will do they are directly connect you with the
faculty who has taken up the class even in the weekdays. It is not
that you have to wait till weekend Even in the weekdays they will help
you to connect with that particular faculty who has taken up the class
and you can request for a VC

[Sales Agent 45:25]
to take up the class again or any doubts which you are having. They
will be there to help you out with this thing

[Sales Agent 45:30]
because this is a short term program and they dont want you to miss
out anywhere. So they will be available at the weekdays and weekends.
Also, you can clear your doubts even on the telephone. You call or you
can request for a VC and you can clear your doubts at any point of
time.

[Sales Agent 45:46]
Okay, I hope I was.

[Customer 45:47]
Really innovative.

[Sales Agent 45:50]
Yeah, that is what because this is from I Am Koi Gurung. They morally
like what I can say. They prefer quality education.

[Sales Agent 45:58]
That is the reason they have a good prestige and like that brand is
because that the quality they are providing, right. So they dont, they
don't want to compromise it in on even on the online format also yeah.

[Customer 46:09]
Got it. So when is the next batch going to start?

[Sales Agent 46:14]
Next part I do not know because this happens only once in a year okay
so this year to this that happen. This is happening on 31st of
December. So the classes would be starting from somewhere from then
secondary or somewhere.

[Sales Agent 46:29]
So next time I am not sure when it is going to be. Whenever it is
going to be there, I will be like I will be informing you and like you
can expect some good opportunities in your way. I don't know why you
are asking for next time.

[Customer 46:43]
Okay. So I mean generally it happens only twice a twice a year.

[Sales Agent 46:48]
Once or a twice. This year it happened only once. Last year I mean
before that it was 22 times a year. But this year it was only done
once a year. Even before fees, they have changed.

[Customer 47:02]
Okay, how can I enroll in this course? I mean some registration fee
and all.

[Sales Agent 47:08]
Yeah, definitely. So I will just let you know about the admission
process because you might know right they need to write a entrance
exam and then get into this, but like its for a working professional.
So this process is not included for you. But there are certain
criteria's they are going to like consider Okay COVID. First of all,
the course fees is going to be ₹1,50,000

[Sales Agent 47:31]
Okay. But start we are going to provide you with the scholarship okay.
For that you need to fill a scholarship form first, correct?

[Sales Agent 47:39]
So.

[Customer 47:40]
Where it will be support it be?

[Sales Agent 47:42]
Sorry.

[Customer 47:43]
What kind of scholarship would it be? I mean on on what basis the
scholarship is?

[Sales Agent 47:49]
It based on your profile, they will have a proper discussion with you
and they will think how dedicated you are towards the learning and it
is from IIM and they dont want any student that is going to leave in
between.

[Sales Agent 48:00]
Some people would be there right? They will be very demanding that I
have a very busy schedule. I have 15 hours of work. I cannot do this,
I cannot do that. Like we dont want such students. Yes they dont. They
want only dedicated students who want to make their hands dirty and
work on it properly because they some people write entrance exam and
they will get to know right. They are like these students are
dedicated, so we can take this only based on the percentile like
without having the dedicated work done, you cannot get that that kind
of percentage

[Sales Agent 48:31]
right. So they will know that these 2 students are the dedicated one,
so they will take the student. But here the scenario is different
right? So they will check your dedication, how dedicated you are, how
you will be able to manage your timings, Okay, are you really want to
do, are you really looking forward to do it or not. So these all
things they will consider and they will provide you with the
scholarship

[Sales Agent 48:52]
and that is going to be around 10 to ₹30,000 of the fees. So if the
fees is now the fees is 1,50,000 okay and if you if you get a
scholarship for something you you can expect it to be around like 10
to ₹30,000 of deduction would be done in that,

[Sales Agent 49:09]
yeah and.

[Customer 49:10]
I also download the browser of the course it is the course is 1.25.

[Sales Agent 49:15]
No.

[Customer 49:17]
Its written on the browser but on the upgrade portal it's written 1.35
something.

[Sales Agent 49:24]
Actually, I believe you have downloaded the older brochure I guess.
When did you download?

[Customer 49:28]
It available on the website today only in the morning.

[Sales Agent 49:33]
Let me check. Give me a second.

[Customer 49:35]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 49:36]
1.25

[Sales Agent 49:41]
Okay give me a second. I will just check

[Sales Agent 50:01]
where it is mentioned. Can you just tell?

[Customer 50:03]
Me. So it's on the.

[Customer 50:07]
It's on the 8th page. Program highlights.

[Sales Agent 50:16]
Oh, this is the older brochure actually. OK, I will. I will tell to
change this Gaushala because this is a older free structure, not the
new one.

[Customer 50:25]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 50:26]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 50:27]
Actually the fees has been changed. You can see it on the website. See
you can see it on the website. It is 1,00,000, Twentyseven, 1000 plus
GST would be there. That is going to be somewhere around ₹1,49,860.
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 50:41]
I am sorry for the brochure thing. I will definitely have a discussion
with the backend team and like I will make sure to change it.

[Sales Agent 50:50]
Okay.

[Customer 50:50]
Okay so.

[Sales Agent 50:52]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 50:52]
So this fee was actually in last batch Okay. In this batch they have
changed the piece Okay and but but considering some candidates, Sir,
we will be providing you with the scholarship Okay. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 51:06]
And for that you need to fill a form first Okay and if they are good
to go with your profile and if they provide you the with the
scholarship and everything they will tell you to fill an application
for this program.

[Customer 51:15]
OK.

[Sales Agent 51:15]
And once if you fill out your scholars, your application form right,
it would be shortlisted as they have already discussed with you. So
they will shortlist your profile for this and you will get a
application ID. And if your profile gets shortlisted, then you need to
pay ₹15,000 to enroll into this program, 15000

[Sales Agent 51:35]
Okay. So the 15,000 would be the initial fees you need to pay to block
your seat. And later on once if your scholarship is approved the
remaining amount you can convert it into Emis and pay. And if you are
good to go, you can do one shot as well.

[Customer 51:49]
Got it. Understood. Yeah, Yeah.

[Sales Agent 51:50]
Okay, I hope I was clear.

[Customer 51:54]
You have explained me all about the course and I am really happy on
the curriculum. I am excited to join this course

[Customer 52:02]
and just let me know how can I enroll in this course and what all like
the form that I have to fill for the scholarship and all.

[Sales Agent 52:11]
Yeah, sure. I will help you out with that. But before that, could you
just let me know, OK, is this your WhatsApp number?

[Customer 52:17]
No, this is not my WhatsApp number.

[Sales Agent 52:19]
So could you let me know about your WhatsApp number so that I can just
text you over WhatsApp from my personal number?

[Customer 52:25]
Okay. So it's 8558.

[Sales Agent 52:28]
55.

[Customer 52:29]
90

[Customer 52:32]
543.

[Sales Agent 52:33]
54.

[Customer 52:34]
309.

[Sales Agent 52:36]
09 Okay, I will just repeat the number. Please do confirm me with
that.

[Sales Agent 52:41]
That is going to be 8559054309, right?

[Customer 52:46]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 52:47]
So I will just text you over the WhatsApp regarding this. I will also
share you the scholarship form. Okay, do fill it.

[Sales Agent 52:56]
Okay. You just spell it today and maybe once you fill it within an
hour you will get a call from the scholarship team of IM Kozhikode and
even the panelist member as well Okay. So they will give you a call
and you just have to found dedicated to them. Okay and why you want to
do this program is the thing they are going to ask you if they find
your intention is good towards doing this program. So they will
definitely tell you to fill an application. Along with that, they will
also provide you with the scholarship.

[Customer 53:23]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 53:25]
Sure, Okay. So first I will just share the details. You just go
through it again. Once again if you have anything to ask for something
you can do that Okay. And once, yeah, once you are made up your mind
regarding this in a scholarship form today and you will receive a call
and you are good to go, then you can proceed with the further
procedure.

[Customer 53:44]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 53:46]
Okay. And as you mentioned like you will be able to manage your
finances regarding this right okay.

[Sales Agent 53:53]
So for my suggestion is that if you have any financial problem or
something like I am suggesting you out of my interest okay. It is not
something that I suggest to everyone okay but only for the people who
want any suggestions from my end. So if you are free to take up it,
okay.

[Customer 54:12]
I really need a suggestion for my financial Sir.

[Sales Agent 54:14]
Yes. So for your finances, definitely I would suggest you to take a
like share a block amount of ₹15,000 first And later on the remaining
amount you can convert it into EMI, which is going to be for a longer
tenure. Okay. So thats like if you take a shorter tenure period of EMI
so the monthly amount which are going to be is going to be a little
bit higher

[Sales Agent 54:37]
Sir if you take a longer tenure. It is going to be a short term amount
right? So take a loan note and your period of amount and definitely
within 55 months you are going to get a good job into this okay. And
even if you if you dont get it also so post that also 6 months you are
having still time to get this bug opportunity then we will make sure
to get it okay. Yeah, So we have a dedicated team towards these 2.
Like they have to ensure that you are getting a proper job, okay so
they will help you out and once you get a good job with the proper
salary and everything, you can pre close the amount

[Sales Agent 55:11]
right once. If you have a staggered amount of salary, you can pay a
little extra every month and click finish it before the time.

[Customer 55:18]
Take it, you wait.

[Sales Agent 55:20]
Yeah, so this is what I usually suggest for the people who are looking
for some financial suggestions or something. If you take a lot more
than your period its going to help you out.

[Customer 55:30]
You dont need to pay.

[Sales Agent 55:31]
Much. Yeah. You are welcome.

[Customer 55:33]
Okay, now the updated browser on the WhatsApp also I will recheck it
with the course details.

[Sales Agent 55:38]
Given with the previous one

[Sales Agent 55:40]
team because and also thanks for letting us know this was the concern
I we having like I have noticed it. So I will have the discussion with
the backend team to change it out to update the new brochure and also
I will share the details and a scholarship form but make sure to fill
it today okay because only 3 seats are there. Whoever fills it fast
and whoever pays the block amount first, then the seat would be
definitely going for them. And again you need to wait for another year
to for a new batch.

[Customer 56:08]
Okay. Got it. Yeah, no worry, Yeah.

[Sales Agent 56:12]
Okay. So I will just share it on the WhatsApp. You just check it out
and please do update me once you are done with it. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Thank you.

[Sales Agent 56:22]
Yeah. And also if you have any queries even after going through the
details or anything, if you have still any doubts, if you want to ask
anything like you can reach me out directly on my number, I will be
texting you in the WhatsApp right? You can reach out to that number at
any particular time. Okay.

[Customer 56:36]
Sure, Sir.

[Sales Agent 56:37]
Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Bye. Have a good day.

[Customer 56:40]
You too. Bye, bye.

[Sales Agent 56:41]
Yeah, bye.
