[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:07]
Hello.

[Customer 00:07]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:08]
Hi, am I talking to Akanksha?

[Sales Agent 00:12]
Hi Sir good evening. My name is Arnika. I am calling you from Upgrad.

[Customer 00:15]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:16]
I cant tell you looking out for the MBA course in upgrad right? You
made an enquiry

[Sales Agent 00:22]
Great. Are you planning for an MBA

[Sales Agent 00:26]
okay So operation? Let me just help me with your education
qualification work experience please.

[Customer 00:31]
Sure. So I have completed my B in 2022 and then I have joined KPI 2,
KPIT Technology and there my role is

[Customer 00:43]
QA, Engineer, Quality Assurance. So I have one year of experience in
that that was completed in the month of October this year.

[Sales Agent 00:56]
Okay so right.

[Customer 00:57]
Do we? I have done

[Customer 01:00]
computer.

[Sales Agent 01:02]
Time

[Sales Agent 01:02]
computer.

[Customer 01:03]
Time.

[Sales Agent 01:04]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 01:06]
and right now we are let.

[Customer 01:08]
You know.

[Sales Agent 01:10]
Okay, still working with the same company.

[Customer 01:13]
Thats why I want to do.

[Sales Agent 01:17]
Online

[Sales Agent 01:18]
India. Thats great, wonderful. So what is the purpose for you behind
doing an MBA program?

[Customer 01:24]
Because like I want to do higher study but also I dont want to leave
my job and

[Customer 01:34]
I want to do MBA strategy and leadership.

[Customer 01:40]
So basically I dont want to go in technical field

[Customer 01:46]
so that's why.

[Sales Agent 01:49]
OK. So you are looking out for an MBA into strategy and leadership,
right?

[Sales Agent 01:54]
Wonderful. Great. OK. And you have inquired on Applied platform. So
can you help me in this sense? So where did you want to know about
Applied a concern?

[Customer 02:03]
Its through my friend.

[Sales Agent 02:06]
Rent okay like you are see is doing the course on upgrad or they also
just.

[Customer 02:13]
Yeah, they were also searching, SO

[Customer 02:18]
for that I asked him. So he suggested me.

[Sales Agent 02:23]
He was also searching for the MDA program or how it is.

[Customer 02:27]
Yeah, please, he is.

[Sales Agent 02:29]
Also planning.

[Customer 02:30]
Yeah, but he is preparing for cash, so.

[Sales Agent 02:34]
He is being offered course.

[Customer 02:37]
No like hey online only preparation of cat is going on 5th preparation
for SAT but in 2024 you will get the exam.

[Sales Agent 02:49]
So yeah,

[Sales Agent 02:51]
but then why he is preparing for the chat system like he can do online
course?

[Customer 02:57]
Yes, but he wants to do some IIM only.

[Sales Agent 03:04]
OK, OK. OK, perfectly. Alright, no worries. So Akanksha, as you
mentioned that you are only looking out for the MBN specialization of
Strategian leadership. So like I begin, you might have checked the
program on the website, right?

[Sales Agent 03:17]
Okay, how long courses are you seeing?

[Customer 03:20]
So I have checked for that specific college which is OP.

[Sales Agent 03:25]
Jindal, yeah.

[Customer 03:27]
So in that 4 courses are there. So I have chosen Strategy and
leadership.

[Sales Agent 03:33]
So can you tell?

[Customer 03:33]
Me about to go in medicine

[Customer 03:37]
like project management and all so but in that college I did not see
that course so I I have chosen strategy and leadership.

[Sales Agent 03:48]
814 So have you seen the complete website and complete course? What is
offered by occasional university?

[Customer 03:54]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 03:55]
Okay, wonderful. Any any questions you have before I explain you about
this about the details?

[Customer 04:01]
Yes like fee structure and all. I want to know also the location,

[Customer 04:07]
the location and I will be like my one of my friend. Actually, she is
my manager.

[Sales Agent 04:15]
So.

[Customer 04:16]
Supervisor so she will also join like she also wants to do online MBS
so we both want to do so. Thats why I wanted to.

[Sales Agent 04:26]
Okay, so have she also inquired on a black platform about the phone.

[Customer 04:32]
Like no. But

[Customer 04:35]
if she has told me that if you can then I will give her number then
you can contact.

[Sales Agent 04:43]
Her

[Sales Agent 04:44]
okay? Perfectly. Alright, so Akanksha, I think you have already seen
the complete website, the complete course and everything and I believe
you already know about what exactly the great and all that stuff,
right?

[Customer 04:55]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 04:56]
Okay, great. So have you seen the batch charge date?

[Customer 05:02]
Start date I didnt see but the last date for applying is I guess 26th
of December.

[Sales Agent 05:09]
26th.

[Customer 05:11]
Yeah, December.

[Sales Agent 05:12]
No, no, no. It will be the back. The last date of the application are
20th of December like tomorrow.

[Customer 05:21]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 05:22]
So, luckily, maybe we have, you know, collected on a very right time.

[Customer 05:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 05:28]
Yeah, no worry, perfectly alright. Also you have not seen the fee
section of the program right?

[Sales Agent 05:35]
Okay, no worries. So also just wanted to understand like are you
planning for this pack? 31st of December is a bad start. Are you
planning for this one?

[Customer 05:45]
Yes, let what will be the direction.

[Sales Agent 05:48]
This is a one year of program, one year of MBA course.

[Customer 05:52]
Okay yeah, I want to join for this batch only.

[Sales Agent 05:57]
This batch only. OK, perfect. So accordingly let me first explain you
about each and everything about the program and you know what this
will, how this will benefit you and the strategy either she went
fictionalization as you might have already seen even that how that can
help you out in the coming time in the future for you okay.

[Sales Agent 06:14]
So first of all Akanksha, welcome to Upgrad and definitely the the
first career MBA is definitely going to end US because that is one of
the top program and the top platform to provide you with the post
classician courses, right?

[Sales Agent 06:28]
Apart from that Akasha also just wanted to understand like what? What
is the current payback? Current salary?

[Customer 06:35]
Like CT.

[Sales Agent 06:37]
C Yes.

[Customer 06:38]
Yeah, so its 4.1 I see.

[Sales Agent 06:43]
4.1 4,10,000 Sir.

[Customer 06:45]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 06:47]
Yeah, OK. OK, perfect. And have you decided any range for your MB
program?

[Customer 06:53]
Like what?

[Sales Agent 06:55]
The budget range. Have you decided any budget range?

[Customer 06:59]
No like because I dont know much about this so thats why I wanted to
know about the fee structure.

[Customer 07:08]
Yeah, figure it out whether I can tweet or.

[Sales Agent 07:15]
Something No worries, no worries. So first of all Akanksha like if I
first tell you about Upgrad, so Akanksha Upgrad it is the online the
best educational platform for India

[Sales Agent 07:26]
to provide you with the postalization courses. Okay. Now the reason
why we are the number one is because there are multiple vehicles. The
first reason is that the institute what we have tied up with because
some of the top rated institute from around the globe even if we talk
about OP general is a top insurance. We will just talk on that later
on right. But now talking about upgrade. So basically we are tied up
with some of the top rated institutes from across the globe. Secondly,
the courses what you have designed. These are the special courses
designed only for working professionals and even though

[Sales Agent 07:59]
this programs are online but this are the offline equivalent courses.

[Customer 08:04]
Okay Okay how?

[Sales Agent 08:07]
How do I define this as an offline equivalent? Courses is for an
example lets take an example simple example. If you are doing the
course through a branch with OP General OK And if I am doing the
course the same course going to the OP general institute of the
university, at the end the degree value credibility, student you know,
the access to the student to the institute access the library access,
the email ID and all that stuff. What you would be getting and what I
would be getting would be exactly the same.

[Customer 08:35]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 08:36]
Okay, so that will be even people prefer upgraded. There are more than
30,00,000 plus learners on the platform to do the courses, the MBA,
Digital marketing, Data clients, Doctorate courses and so on

[Sales Agent 08:46]
right. So instead of lacking you get larger or the right platform. And
definitely this can really help you out in the career in the future as
well because then you are only going to do your MBO once, right? Its
not like you are going to do it twice or 4 times or something like
that correct? So everyone you might have seen, you might have heard
same from the people. That is the ringer and we do it from a good
institute, a best institute because thats what will really help you
out.

[Sales Agent 09:11]
Okay now currently talking about OP Jindal. Are you order no op Jindal
Institute by any chance?

[Customer 09:17]
Like not in death, but yeah I have heard in your website only so.

[Sales Agent 09:26]
Talking about original institute, original come in the top top
institute, the number one Institute of India, the number one private
University of India as per the QN 2 tracking.

[Customer 09:37]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:38]
Okay, it has received Institute of Abhinandan certificate. Now what is
this Institute of Ambulance? This is basically the accident
certificate. There are more than 11012115100 universities all across
India. OK, out of this total universities, only 20 universities have
received Institute of Feminine which is a excellent certificate. Okay
out of this 2016 our IAM

[Sales Agent 10:04]
I I enjoy IIT and only 4 are the institutes, the private institutes
and OP general is one of them. So you can just imagine the value and
credibility. What you would be getting would be massive. OK?

[Sales Agent 10:16]
Secondly, it is also upgraded with a IU associations of Indian
universities,

[Sales Agent 10:24]
right. So definitely the score, the degree what you would be getting,
they still hold a good value and then this will also be help to you
out in the coming time in the future as well. OK. Now talking about
the benefits of you going ahead OP general first and the most
important benefit is that this course is just for one year. You dont
have to wait for too long years to get your degree and then to you
know go ahead for some promotion or designation high or CTP hike or
something like that, whatever is your expectations are

[Sales Agent 10:53]
right. So this exists a one year of program, you can just complete
this one year of program, you can get the degree in this or there. OK.
This is the most important benefit of this MBA program from GOPI
General. OK. Talking about the course, yes, the batch is starting from
ready first of December. You would be closing on all the applications
most probably by tomorrow okay and talking about the code details and
the course curriculum. Have you have you checked the brochure of the
program?

[Customer 11:18]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 11:19]
Okay, you have completely checked the brochures right?

[Sales Agent 11:23]
Okay. Now even if I tell you we do have 4 specialization like Finance,
Digital Finance, Strategy and Leadership and Marketing. Now if even if
you are looking out for an MBA or if you are looking out for the
promotions or the positions like project management or something like
that, we dont offer any of the other specialization with to the
learners who are having work experience like one year, 2 years, 3
years, 5 years or work experience.

[Customer 11:47]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:48]
Okay, because why we we are we just offer one specific specialization
which is strategy and leadership. Why we do that is because with
strategic leadership because see anyways right now we are working. You
dont need any extra additional knowledge on your current world
experience right. What you actually need is because what no whatever
promotions you are getting or whatever expectation you have in the
coming time. So thats where you have to be prepared yourself. You you
have to prepare yourself right and this is what exactly

[Sales Agent 12:19]
strategic industry will help you out with.

[Sales Agent 12:20]
So this strategy leadership, this will help you out here next
promotion for your next resignation so that you can be prepared for
your next resignation. After your MBA program is completed, you can
look out for a promotion, then the CTC High.

[Customer 12:34]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:34]
Okay. So you would be learning strategy and leadership, you would be
learning people, engagement management with the strategies, decision
making and all that stuff which you would be using all the skills in
the coming time when you becoming the team lead or when you become the
manager of the company and so on.

[Customer 12:51]
Oh, OK.

[Sales Agent 12:53]
Talking about the light session, you would be having a light session
which would be conducted on weekends, on Saturdays, alone Sundays,
Okay. And talking about the examination, you would be having total of
4 terms of every quarter. So Jan, 5th March, April, May, June.
Similarly, you have totally 4 terms in this entire one year. OK. So
and yeah, yeah, please go ahead.

[Customer 13:15]
So like for the examination

[Customer 13:19]
do we have to come to the college? Like will it be offline or online?

[Sales Agent 13:24]
No, no, no. You dont have to go to the college or institute any point
of time. You have the complete examination online. So 50% weight is
you would be having objective type question answers wherein you can
just have you can go ahead with the syllabus. After the syllabus and
topics are completed, you can go ahead with the complete type
questions also with NCU and the 50% weighting would be for the project
assignment or change schedule of the Proctor dealers

[Sales Agent 13:49]
after the at the end of the month.

[Customer 13:52]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 13:53]
Okay. And this way you would be having a live session and the
examination pattern. OK and also talking about the institutes
benefits. So as I already mentioned that this is offline equivalent
course so you cannot enroll into this particular program directly. You
will have to forth appear for the online entrance exam. So as also
just wanted to understand, so you might have seen that entrance exam
as well, right?

[Sales Agent 14:17]
Yeah. So have you given any any of these entrance exams like CAT, GMAT
or something like that?

[Customer 14:22]
No.

[Sales Agent 14:24]
Okay. So if you know you will have to appear for the entrance exams
unit entrance exam, There would be 15 questions for 30 minutes. If you
get rejected your application which suitable you know get cancelled
okay. But if you are getting selected then you can go ahead and
reserve your seat.

[Customer 14:41]
Okay. So like for admission I have to pass that.

[Sales Agent 14:45]
Yes, of course. For admission, you will have to pass that agent, OK,
Right.

[Customer 14:50]
Questions will be objective.

[Sales Agent 14:53]
Yes, it would be objective. Then she gives type questions.

[Customer 14:56]
Of all the 15 questions.

[Sales Agent 14:58]
All the 15 questions, all the 15 questions. So it would be general
knowledge management status.

[Customer 15:06]
OK. So is is there any like percentage, parking percentage?

[Sales Agent 15:12]
Yes. So you have 15 questions. Out of the 15 you will at least have to
clear 12th if you are clearing, 12th if you are. If you are 12 right
as well you can you would be selected. If not, you will recheck it.
You will be rejected.

[Customer 15:26]
So

[Customer 15:27]
so in case

[Customer 15:29]
of rejection. So is there any chance that I can sit there and

[Customer 15:35]
appear for examination?

[Sales Agent 15:37]
Again. So basically now what happens is that if you you get the exam
OK, you fill up your application, you give the test. After you you
give the test if you are getting selected, wonderful this is then no
question arises right? But if you are getting rejected, sometimes what
happens is institute they check your profile, they will ask you there.
There might be the cases that they will ask you for your resume. They
will check your profile and

[Sales Agent 16:03]
if they find appropriate they will give you the second option of
retail. Sometimes you get the retest option immediately but sometimes
if your profile is not good enough then they will ask you for all this
seat milk and then only the thing they will be giving you a retail
option and

[Sales Agent 16:18]
that retest can even go up to 24 to 48 hours. I will write now the
modular state. If you are getting rejected today and if you are not
getting option the second option for the weekend, then there are very
less services that you would be able to complete the course or the
application before.

[Customer 16:37]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 16:38]
Yeah, so never mind have the latest so you can just complete that
later on as well. But as of now, yes, this is going to be the course I
am talking about. The benefits for you would be getting after this
course is in completed after the degree. So you will be getting the
exact same old degree just while you get on campus, right. You would
be having an official email ID from the institute of which would be
acceptable and through your entire life, right. You would be having
the access of the library. You would be having the access of the
campus. If you want to visit the campus any point of time, just as
well,

[Sales Agent 17:09]
very offline person for offense, learner can go OK. You would be
officially an alumni of Open Indian University,

[Sales Agent 17:19]
Okay and most importantly, you would also be getting the credit
points, 72 credit points once you complete this particular program.

[Customer 17:28]
Okay. So like in the degree where will it be mentioned like the year
of completion or something like because the normally we have 2 years
right for the course.

[Sales Agent 17:40]
Correct, correct.

[Customer 17:42]
So if it is mentioned as one year, so will it affect?

[Sales Agent 17:48]
It will not, it will not today like let me let me explain anybody
tactically Okay. So now Akanksha, you are working right now, correct?
So

[Sales Agent 17:58]
are you aware about 2 years of MBA structure? What is the structure of
the 2 years of MBA given with IIM?

[Customer 18:04]
Yes, like projects and all. Like in the final year we have one mini
project and then one main project.

[Sales Agent 18:13]
That is a specialization.

[Customer 18:14]
Basically, yes. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 18:16]
Correct. Now if I tell you the structure now in the entire one year,
the first year you have 9 months of basic form foundations right as
American BA, correct? And you have 3 months of vacation correct.

[Sales Agent 18:30]
Second year you again have 3 months of vacation and 3 months of
specialization and 6 months of internship.

[Sales Agent 18:40]
Okay now totally If today if I ask you Akanksha that you have to leave
your job and you can go ahead with internship for 6 months,

[Sales Agent 18:50]
Do you think that is a practically a possible option?

[Sales Agent 18:54]
You cannot go that right because you are already working, you dont
need an internal, you already have that experience in the issue part.
For the people for the learner who are less just passed out the
graduation right. They dont have any management domain knowledge and
something like that. So what we have done is we have removed that 3
and 3 months of vacation. We have removed 6 months of recruitment. And
if you practically think if you practically see invoice that 2 years
of MBA program, you are only studying for one year and that is what
they are giving you over here,

[Sales Agent 19:24]
right. Sir, even if you look out for any of the job opportunities
later on, definitely this course is this course is accepted, basically
it is valid. This is equivalent to your 2 years of program and many of
the we have approximately 1000 plus hiring partners. The companies OK
and almost all the companies they are very, very well aware of this
particular program because if you see in India, we are still following
that traditional way of 2 years of MBA program. But if you look
outside India, Canada, UKUSA already have 12 months or 10 months of MB
program only.

[Sales Agent 20:00]
So India is always you know bit behind then this developed nation
through you know like adopt this kind of upgradations.

[Customer 20:09]
Yeah thats why we get that.

[Sales Agent 20:12]
Yeah, yeah. But dont worry about that till that time you complete your
program. Like that is one year from now till the time you complete
your program, Many many companies, many almost all the companies will
be aware of this particular thing. Because you know there would be
some upgradations very sooner or later.

[Sales Agent 20:29]
So may be in the coming time in the next day there will be upgradation
that people would come to know about amount you have nbf courses.

[Customer 20:35]
Correct.

[Sales Agent 20:37]
And also if you want, after this course has been completed, if you
want your degree to get it from the institute, you can also attend the
attend the convocation which will be happening every every year in the
month of August.

[Customer 20:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 20:52]
Actually, you can also do that. You can also attend the convocation
and the institute.

[Customer 20:57]
So like if I am not attempt then how I will get the degree?

[Sales Agent 21:02]
If you are not attending for that, if I will get the degree online,
then the hard copy would be yeah online and the hard copy would be
delivered like your accident. OK.

[Customer 21:10]
OK and the same if I will go to college and same will be have a word
to me.

[Sales Agent 21:15]
Handed over to you at the convocation. That is your call. If you want
to go, you can. If you don't, perfectly fine.

[Sales Agent 21:23]
Now the most important part, the fee structure of the course. The fee
structure for the complete program comes to 1.5 lakh, ₹1,50,000

[Sales Agent 21:33]
okay okay and after you give the test, you will have to reserve. If
you are getting selected, you will have to reserve your fee by paying
15,001 5.

[Customer 21:44]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 21:45]
Okay. And the remaining amount 1,35,000, you have multiple option. The
first option is you can go ahead with the 12 short payment or else if
you have your own credit card with that kind of payment you can go
ahead with the credit card EMI and if not then you can also go ahead
with the installment to the finance partner. So we do have the finance
partners. Then you can pay the processing fees on the balance amount,
but then they will go ahead with the installment for 12 months,
Twentyfour months after thirtysix months.

[Customer 22:10]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 22:12]
Right. So any questions you have about the course, Akanksha?

[Customer 22:19]
Like, no. I think all you

[Customer 22:24]
answered it Sir.

[Sales Agent 22:28]
Great. Great. Wonderful. So are you planning to join the program?

[Customer 22:34]
Yes, like, but I would request you like said earlier that my manager
also wants to.

[Sales Agent 22:41]
Do.

[Customer 22:42]
So if you can contact her.

[Sales Agent 22:46]
Definitely. I will definitely contact her as well. But what I can do
right now what you can do is first of all we can complete your
application. First, you can first reserve your seat and based on your
application if we are going ahead with your managers as well because
then you would be also eligible for some referral benefit Sir, because
you are referring to your manager.

[Customer 23:09]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:10]
Yeah. So that would be an additional arrange advantage for you.

[Customer 23:16]
Okay. Like how?

[Sales Agent 23:18]
So basically see to be very honest we dont have any of the offers or
any of the scholarship in this particular program.

[Sales Agent 23:26]
The fee will going to be 1,15,000 only. But now this is the benefit
through applied that. Now lets take an example. If you are referring
to any of your friends, family members, colleagues, relatives, anyone,
then you are eligible for the central benefits up to ₹1,00,000.

[Customer 23:44]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:45]
Depending upon the program to program. But yes even if you are
referring your manager because then you would be generating creating
your code okay your referral code. And if you are filling the referral
code and if that referral code is used while your manager actually on
your manager application, then you would be eligible for some of the
cashback as well. You know, you can just get some financial benefit
out of this,

[Sales Agent 24:08]
yeah. So definitely we will be having the discussion with your manager
as well.

[Sales Agent 24:13]
Before that we can just start your application. You can complete your
application and all that Sir. And then maybe we can just have the
connect with your manager too about the same.

[Customer 24:22]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:24]
Yeah.

[Customer 24:26]
So like if I will if you will start the process of the application
today, so when do do I expect the examination?

[Sales Agent 24:39]
Or

[Sales Agent 24:40]
the excuse they are working till 9:00 o'clock. OK lets take an example
if you are ready right now with your laptop. For your extra I will
send an email to the institute. They would we would be just booking
the slot for 830 to 9 Okay

[Sales Agent 24:53]
and in this slot what would be the process? Firstly we would be
filling up your application. Then you would be giving the text and if
you are getting TL in the text you will have to reserve your feed by
paying 15,000.

[Customer 25:06]
Okay. So like I I think this will be too

[Customer 25:12]
like quick for me because its already

[Customer 25:16]
8 twentyseven. So is it possible if I get that tomorrow?

[Sales Agent 25:22]
Definitely we can do that. But I have already mentioned that tomorrow
is anyway the last date for the application. So its just like you know
we dont want to you know delay your admission because this dispatch is
missed out then you will be you will have to wait for the batch till
lecture October then you will be having the next the batch next year
in the month of October. That is the only reason nothing else. If you
don't find comfortable, if you are not okay for where you find that
totally your call. I was trying to help you out that you know you can
just it would be great for you. That's it.

[Customer 25:53]
Yeah like I just wanted to discuss all these things with my parents so
thats why I am telling you like is it possible if I give the
examination tomorrow?

[Sales Agent 26:03]
Yeah.

[Customer 26:04]
Because I want to do the course and I would not know your like on
website it was mentioned 26th of December the last date so thats why I
was not knowing that tomorrow tomorrow only it.

[Sales Agent 26:15]
Is not the last date. I think there there is some technical issues or
something because this is what been offered by this is what been
instructed by the institute at 20:00 6th.

[Sales Agent 26:24]
Its for 20 sixes, 20 years 20. So I will I will just have a check on
the website why there is technical issue Sir,

[Sales Agent 26:32]
just give me a second. I will just check it right away. Just give me a
second.

[Sales Agent 26:39]
Where did you see politics as a last date?

[Customer 26:43]
Like on the website only.

[Sales Agent 26:47]
Just a second

[Sales Agent 27:23]
Nokansha. I cannot see it.

[Sales Agent 27:38]
Okay. Perfectly fine, no worries. Not a problem.

[Customer 27:42]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 27:44]
Not a problem Akash. Like as I already mentioned that you would be
having the applications headlines in tomorrow. So most probably I will
decide to check the final deadline once a time tomorrow. It is
approximately 3 or 5 oclock. I dont exactly remember the time now, but
it it would be around 3:00 in the afternoon or 5:00 in the evening,
mostly the application would get closed.

[Customer 28:04]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:04]
Yeah. So what you can do is, is it possible, maybe you can just talk
to your parents right now and then we can disconnect back in the next
30 minutes or something like that. I will just, you know, extend the
time for you especially.

[Customer 28:18]
Like I am saying there is because I dont want to like do mix

[Customer 28:24]
do mistake while the

[Customer 28:28]
being in hurry thats why I am telling you.

[Sales Agent 28:31]
Okay okay, No worries.

[Customer 28:33]
And

[Customer 28:35]
just one one hour ago I have, I have completed my meeting that I am
telling.

[Sales Agent 28:40]
I get it, I get it perfectly fine no worries. So tomorrow, but
tomorrow lets lets do one thing tomorrow keep lets keep it you know
early morning. So then we we we wont have to rush them. Will that be
okay for you? Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:55]
So tomorrow maybe around 10:00. O'clock is fine, 10:00 in the morning.

[Customer 29:00]
Yes, like that.

[Customer 29:03]
Like I want my manager also to do that. So I have to tell

[Customer 29:10]
her you can also get make domination tomorrow only.

[Sales Agent 29:13]
Or just do one thing, let just connect your manager right now. The
thing is what I have explained you may be I will just say the same
thing to her as well. So this she can just understand each and
everything and maybe we can just have a conference call.

[Sales Agent 29:28]
Okay. Just give me a second. Is this the same number available on your
WhatsApp?

[Sales Agent 29:33]
Okay I will just WhatsApp you. Can you just share me her details, the
name and contact number please?

[Customer 29:38]
Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 29:40]
One second. What type you right away.

[Sales Agent 30:28]
I will send you check your WhatsApp. I have just send you a message,
Yeah I.

[Customer 30:32]
Am I am sharing you the?

[Sales Agent 30:34]
Number Yeah, please.

[Sales Agent 31:27]
Okay Akansha, you want me to really call her right now or how it is?

[Customer 31:35]
I think she is not at home so.

[Sales Agent 31:44]
Okay. She is not available right now.

[Sales Agent 31:48]
Okay, do you have your email ID as well?

[Customer 31:54]
No.

[Sales Agent 31:56]
Okay.

[Customer 31:56]
But this is her boss number only.

[Sales Agent 32:00]
Okay. Can you WhatsApp her right now?

[Customer 32:02]
Yeah, listen also she is telling that at 10:00 AM tomorrow she will be
free so she can talk.

[Sales Agent 32:12]
Okay, tomorrow 10:00 right?

[Sales Agent 32:16]
Okay okay no worries. Let you one thing your concern let just connect
tomorrow at 10:00 and maybe we can just have a complete destination
about this.

[Customer 32:23]
Okay. Yeah, sure. Okay.

[Sales Agent 32:34]
Hello.

[Customer 32:36]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 32:37]
Yeah, yeah. Thank you, Akhand, Sir. Bye. Bye. Have a.

[Customer 32:39]
Great day. Thank you.

[Sales Agent 32:41]
Yeah.
