[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello,

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello. Hello. Yes, Sir. Hi, Eliminate, right, Yes, yes. Hi. Elvine, I
am calling you from a plant.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
So Vinit I will you let me out for the MBA program with that branch,
yes, Okay. So can you just guidance and educational qualification,
what insurance fee?

[Customer 00:23]
I have completed my Bachelors of Business Administration.

[Sales Agent 00:27]
Okay.

[Customer 00:28]
I graduated in 2022, 1020.

[Sales Agent 00:33]
Yes, Maam Okay

[Sales Agent 00:37]
and what is 40 days?

[Customer 00:39]
Yes, what?

[Sales Agent 00:40]
Percentage. Percentage.

[Customer 00:43]
Percentage 78%.

[Sales Agent 00:47]
78 Okay and you have any one experience?

[Customer 00:52]
CSI have been having has been taking care of family business and I
started my own this

[Customer 01:00]
distribution of.

[Sales Agent 01:01]
Steel. Structural steel.

[Customer 01:03]
In the construction industry.

[Sales Agent 01:07]
Wonderful.

[Sales Agent 01:09]
See your old message of destination.

[Customer 01:10]
Right. What? What?

[Sales Agent 01:14]
You are. You are into your own business of distribution, right?
Trading business

[Sales Agent 01:20]
Okay. What kind of?

[Sales Agent 01:22]
What type of?

[Customer 01:24]
Feeding construction materials.

[Sales Agent 01:27]
Okay, Okay.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
So right now you are looking out for the MBA program and specific
reason you want to do NBA Port

[Sales Agent 01:38]
I there is.

[Customer 01:39]
One specific reason which I think I just want to try and get more
contacts and try and get more clarity on how things run in the
corporate world so that it will help me better for my one ventures in
the future.

[Sales Agent 01:58]
Okay. So like will it? Since how long are you looking out and
repairing

[Sales Agent 02:05]
for this Lea program?

[Customer 02:08]
I haven't actively been looking out for it. You was always somewhere
in the back of my mind that I need to do it. I haven't actually gotten
the right

[Customer 02:18]
space. Time to sit and figure out what type of a course to do. Is it I
want to do a general MBA or do some niche course? Since I am not able
to figure it out and start off, I can start off with a general MBA and
later on in case I need any specific courses on some niche related to
any business of mine, I will figure it out later on.

[Sales Agent 02:42]
This is starting.

[Customer 02:43]
Step to just upskill myself.

[Sales Agent 02:48]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 02:48]
okay. So you know like you thought right thing that you want to do an
MBA program and definitely you know when we talk about an LBA

[Sales Agent 02:57]
it will also help you out with the, you know the kind of networking
and the contacts working means and also it will help you out of your
own business, right. So definitely taking this decision will be a
right choice to you. But then what are you waiting for? Because I
believe you have already cleaned the course and all that stuff. So
like what?

[Customer 03:19]
There is nothing stopping me back but I am not able to decide the
price

[Customer 03:24]
if I should. I mean I need to do.

[Sales Agent 03:27]
It but it is right.

[Customer 03:29]
Time or not not able to figure it out and I want to know what is the
type of commitment I will have to give to this all that so that I can
figure out other things beforehand itself because

[Customer 03:41]
the course will start in December 31st if I am not wrong.

[Sales Agent 03:44]
31st of December is the best package,

[Sales Agent 03:47]
yeah.

[Customer 03:47]
That's okay. The card date is okay. But how long will the quote be?
What is the duration? Is it healthcare? What are all those details I
wanted to know?

[Sales Agent 03:58]
Sure, sure. So will it like as I think you have already seen the
program on the website right? Because

[Sales Agent 04:05]
wanted to understand like I will go through the entire details of the
course.

[Customer 04:09]
Not not whole. Not whole.

[Sales Agent 04:11]
Not, not complete, No problem. And how? How did you come across the
blank platform?

[Customer 04:17]
I was look, I was doing project management course on Coaster actually.

[Sales Agent 04:24]
I I happened.

[Customer 04:26]
To I just happened to search because there I don't think I have the
freedom to go physically and start do a MBA course. So I wanted to
confirm something online.

[Customer 04:38]
I was looking on online a friend of mine had done on upgrad 23 years
ago some something related to N tech and he suggested so I thought I
will just look at it online.

[Sales Agent 04:50]
So you already have your friend who have completed the coaching of
that is it? Yes, that's great also. So now this to be very honest with
you. First of all, if I can just let you know that

[Sales Agent 05:02]
this is the online platform, in fact this is the Indias number one
platform, online platform, educational platform to provide you the
courses what this NDA. But we have digital marketing, data science, a
ML tech management of networks, right.

[Sales Agent 05:16]
The reason you know the amount maximum will be caused that to reason
the first most important that the institute and the universities where
they have tied up for every course for every domain. This our nation
with some of the top rated institutions, universities okay. And
secondly the platform is designed especially for the working
professional. So yeah, you know, we understand you are working and
even if you look around around 99.75% of the people who look around

[Sales Agent 05:46]
are the working professionals.

[Customer 05:48]
Right.

[Sales Agent 05:49]
Okay. So definitely when you talk about the time commitment, when you
talk about the duration of the program, yes, you will be able to
easily manage the program with your time, with your business or with
your jobs or whatever you can do.

[Customer 06:04]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:05]
Okay. So talking about the program, yes, as you are an entrepreneur,
you have started your own business. You want to add some extra skills
to your knowledge and all that stuff. So definitely this is one of the
best program what we have about open gimbal. So have you gone through
the company, or are you afraid of the complete name of OP General, the
institute? Valuable credibility?

[Customer 06:30]
I have heard about it.

[Sales Agent 06:31]
You have already heard about about this Okay perfect. So if I talk
about OPG Indian, first of all OPG Indian it is the Lamba one private
university as well as US world ranking right? Secondly, it has also
received Institute of Eminence certificate, Institute of Eminence.
Basically the actually certificate was only 4 private universities and
institutes have received across India and OP General is one of them

[Sales Agent 06:54]
Okay. Also it is accredited with a IU which is acquisition of Indian
University. So when we talk about the valid credibility, yes,
definitely you are going to get a very good value in terms of the, you
know, red degree.

[Customer 07:07]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:08]
Now the second, the most benefit beneficial point over here with which
is in the link and this course is just for one year okay. So the
benefit of you getting the deduction one year is so you dont have to
wait for too long, you have to complete your MBO right And you are not
giving you any of the Japping between to complete the program. You can
just complete the course in one year as soon as possible and then you
get you get your degrees right Okay after you have.

[Customer 07:35]
The minimum duration is one year, is it?

[Sales Agent 07:38]
The minimum duration is one year yes. But

[Sales Agent 07:42]
now lets take an example. If you do some break. If you need to hold
your program for some time, you can definitely do that and you can
complete the program the entire program in the 3 years. So lets take
an example. You started your post, 3 months later you want to take a
fault. You again start after your pause after your break and then you
again go ahead continue for one year. That is the case.

[Sales Agent 08:04]
Okay the program convenience talking about the convenience in talking
about the web stations and all that stuff. To the entire it would be
the course is entirely nice

[Sales Agent 08:14]
okay the life session would be conducted on weekend on Saturday and
Sundays. But again the important thing over here is that tenants is
not valuable. So if you are able to attend the liveations well in, If
you are not, you can also go ahead with the recordings of the
serversandisation,

[Sales Agent 08:31]
Okay, Okay, I am also talking about the examination. The examinations
are also online. So after company control, you will be basically
having 4 terms of 3 monthly Okay. So every quarter you have a term
like bank, one quarter you have one term, April, May, June, 7th
quarter you have second term and so on

[Sales Agent 08:49]
Okay. Fine. So lets take an example. After you complete some syllabus,
some topics you would be having. The MCC type question answers

[Sales Agent 08:56]
most important vehicle immediate.

[Customer 08:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 08:59]
Okay and the second examination would be in the form of capital
projects or media assignment or projects or station after end of the
April

[Sales Agent 09:09]
Okay, okay that you can just complete, got it. Okay. And in this way
you can just complete the entire NDA program in just one year. Okay.
Now this is not a PGTM, this is not an executive. This is going to be
a proper Masters of Business Administration,

[Sales Agent 09:26]
MBA, proper NBA degree, what you will be having a propecional
university okay. So this is one of amongst the one of the best
institute, because Op General also has a very good value and Op
General is the first institute, the university to provide you with the
one year of course.

[Sales Agent 09:45]
So any questions you have so far?

[Customer 09:47]
No questions.

[Sales Agent 09:49]
Sir,

[Sales Agent 09:50]
talking about the batch, the batch is adding from 21st of December
okay and yes but most importantly we are closing on all the
applications by 15 because if you might have seen you cannot greatly
easily enrolled for the phone. So have you given any of this entrance
exams like that, JMAT or something like that?

[Customer 10:11]
I wrote GMAT last year.

[Sales Agent 10:15]
Last year the total or somewhere else?

[Sales Agent 10:19]
Okay. What was the procedure procedure?

[Customer 10:23]
I got 610 orders, 800 in GMAT.

[Sales Agent 10:28]
Okay the great wonderful. So will this have a cheque if that exam has
the exception in the

[Sales Agent 10:36]
in this particular course?

[Customer 10:38]
I think it was there online and access on the.

[Sales Agent 10:41]
Perfect.

[Sales Agent 10:42]
If it is there you dont have to give the entrance exam, so you can
really go ahead and with that, but you need a copy of that results
whatever you have.

[Customer 10:50]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 10:51]
Sir Okay, let me just send you a second.

[Sales Agent 11:02]
Also, are you aware of the fees structure of the particular program?

[Customer 11:05]
No.

[Sales Agent 11:06]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 11:09]
just give me a second, I will do it for the email.

[Sales Agent 11:47]
Okay, you given GMAT, what was the percentage?

[Customer 11:50]
600.

[Sales Agent 11:52]
And 10

[Sales Agent 11:53]
out of 800, right,

[Sales Agent 11:55]
That is great, wonderful. Then I I hope you dont have to check for
this exam with Gmail insurance, so definitely based on that. So that
was one year back, right?

[Sales Agent 12:07]
Okay, you have the results in everything of that particular example.

[Sales Agent 12:11]
Wonderful. So you dont have to check for this. I understand you can
directly go ahead

[Sales Agent 12:17]
lets the preserving of your Porsche.

[Customer 12:20]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:21]
Okay. Tell me about the the feast structure. The fee structure for
this particular program is going to be 1.5 lakh, ₹1,50,000

[Sales Agent 12:30]
okay wherein you will be first reserving your seat by paying 15,001 5
and the remaining 1,00,000 thirtyfive 1000. You have multiple bills.
You have the first optional you can go ahead with 140 MI take you are
comfortable with. The second option is you can go ahead with the
credit card EMI such you have credit card with this kind of limit

[Sales Agent 12:49]
you can go ahead with the credit card EMI. And if not then we do have
our own finance partners and we can go ahead. You can just pay the
personality and you can go ahead with the finance partners option for
the year option up to 12 months, 24 months, 36 months and so on.

[Sales Agent 13:05]
You can just have the complete program after you complete the course.
You get the degree in 2 ways, 2 forms. The first is the technical form
and also the soft copy

[Sales Agent 13:15]
of your degree would be provided to you or what you guys.

[Customer 13:18]
Okay alright.

[Sales Agent 13:20]
Yeah, got it. So any question you have about the project.

[Customer 13:24]
Sir, no questions but I will need time for tonight

[Customer 13:30]
and we and can you drop me a mail and what all documents and you
require I can send them tomorrow.

[Sales Agent 13:37]
Confirmation related to your public education.

[Sales Agent 13:42]
Yeah, so your application, Yeah, application. We won't be requiring
any documents right now. You can just go on to the website and then
just start filling your application and all that stuff. But after you
complete the program you will just wanted to understand whatever the
percentage again in your graduation

[Sales Agent 13:58]
78 perfect. So now you can just go ahead with your application and see
it resolving process

[Sales Agent 14:04]
Internet you ideally you might charge a deal of your bachelor and all
the marksheet of all the 6th semester right?

[Sales Agent 14:14]
Okay. So we would just need them. Your 6th semester is optional and
your degree and also your GMAT entrance is what you have given

[Sales Agent 14:26]
you would be needing. That is the Boxy Temple Okay.

[Customer 14:29]
Alright.

[Sales Agent 14:30]
Okay, yeah sure. So any any questions you have? Furthermore, anything
you want to ask me about the same?

[Customer 14:37]
No, thank you, Sir. No.

[Sales Agent 14:38]
Worries. No worries. No worries. Thank you, Vineet. Tomorrow. What
time can I can you get get connected?

[Customer 14:44]
113012

[Sales Agent 14:47]
Morning, Perfect. I will just give you a call back tomorrow at 11:30.
Otherwise, we can just complete the clock with you.

[Customer 14:53]
Alright.

[Sales Agent 14:54]
Thank you. Okay, Sir. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye, bye.

[Customer 14:57]
Yeah.
