[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello. Hello. Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:04]
Good morning, Chinak. Jayant. Sir from Upgraded,

[Sales Agent 00:09]
I am calling you from upgraded, Sir. I will give you a call. You are
asking to connect today. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember. Please please
tell me again

[Sales Agent 00:19]
I can see Sir, I have received your profile for Digital Marketing and
communication program

[Sales Agent 00:24]
offered by Micah. I was just rousing sign up for that. I didnt. I dont
remember matlab. You have given your details and everything. So that
is the reason I just gave you a call to understand what exactly you
are looking in for and accordingly help you out with the same. No no
see I am a business owner so I got both like exploring more about
digital marketing. So I was crawling through then I think I saw the
Mica website and then

[Sales Agent 00:51]
and I clicked on that then I already have an upgrade account I guess
then it got logged in. Okay, if you like what what is that code which
you are opening like can I know more about that course? Yeah, sure,
definitely. You know, and in the first stage, can you help me out with
your profile as well? Okay, I have a spoke to your engineer then

[Sales Agent 01:12]
I quit my job and Saturday resort okay

[Sales Agent 01:17]
for last 6 years and only in the business. So going forward digital
marketing I am a digital marketing would be key for any kind of
business right? So thats why I thought to learn about digital
marketing. Okay, you are having your own resort yes. Okay, okay, from
last 6 days you have like running this business. Okay, so at this
point of time I understand like till date like what is the source of
marketing for your like business?

[Sales Agent 01:48]
So we we have digital marketing then we have I mean offline marketing
you can check travel agents then there is OK online travel agent then.
So primarily we use digital marketing for driver booking directly
rather than

[Sales Agent 02:04]
spending on Commission. And

[Sales Agent 02:07]
okay, okay, so now you want to like start escalation for yourself,
right?

[Sales Agent 02:15]
My primary idea is that I want to lend digital marketing in that so
that even going forward, I have other businesses which are coming at
like car so that in the future.

[Sales Agent 02:29]
Now I have I have an agency where I mean agency does not like either
to 3rd party agency who does digital marketing for for us.

[Sales Agent 02:37]
So if I if I know so digital marketing means the new answer for
digital marketing, then I can actually evaluate they doing a good job.
However, when and and going forward also when SRNA new business, I can
try out many things in digital marketing, right. So I have to
engineers. I don't and I am in business. So I thought I will give it a
try. So that is my primary area actually.

[Sales Agent 03:02]
Understood, understood, Sir. Any issues going forward, it will be
reached to marketing for any for creating line, Sir. Exactly, exactly,
Sir. You know one thing I just want to understand over here this point
of time, please. You told you are handling different businesses or
they you have different business plans. So what is the prime
commitment that you would be able to give to this particular program?
So that's what I mean. I need to know how much time should I allocate
for this like and and how long of a course it is.

[Sales Agent 03:30]
I was just browsing so I didn't see you all those details. Okay, so it
somewhere starts on a minimum note somewhere around like 7 months and
it can goes up to 12 months. Okay, okay. Depending on the
specialization that you are going to take, there are 5 different
specialisations as you take supposed fee as well as the course
duration ladies. So you are given the minimum note of 7 months
duration, right? That is not going to be an issue for you.

[Sales Agent 03:54]
It's not about the duration actually I want to learn in deep. So I
mean what are the specialization Sir, I want to know like and what is
the syllable place? I will help you out with that. See, first thing is
you know and I will I will just dig deep into your business as well.
Till date you are doing marketing or digital marketing for your resort
business as well, right? Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:14]
So can I understand what was the reasons that you got what percentage
of your sales is through offline channel and what percentage of your
sales is through online channel?

[Sales Agent 04:23]
So from a digital marketing method like previously we used to before
COVID, we used to get around like 60 percentage of the booking. But
now it has changed, like travel agents give us like 51% that
travelable only

[Sales Agent 04:41]
half an hour offline.

[Sales Agent 04:46]
Your voice is cracking, not able to hear you.

[Sales Agent 04:50]
I will the offline travel agent like Reenawar

[Sales Agent 04:53]
all carrier machinery. So it will be travel agent business is around
51 percentage and direct business is around 49%. Okay, that is like
most of it is coming from offline channel itself travel agencies, yes,
yes. So what my end goal is that I want and it will be 60 to 80
percentage of direct booking and there are offset to 20 percentage. I
mean, so travel agent or whatever,

[Sales Agent 05:21]
so whatever the 49% you are telling in those direct sales are
happening through your website or like how is it

[Sales Agent 05:29]
just just one second, Can you forward the link? Yeah, sure, sure.

[Customer 05:36]
Tandaludi call hold Kejriwal to the river. AAP jiska teesri baat kar
rahe hai unhone aapke call ko hold par rakha hai. Kripya line par bane
rahiye. The person you are speaking with has put your call on hold.
Please stay on the line. Tang rupee call hold. Sudharuga AAP jis
vyakti se band kar rahe hai. Unhone aapke call ko hold per rakha hai.
Kripya line par bane rahiye. The person you are speaking with has put
your call on hold. Please

[Customer 06:09]
stay on the line. Tandaludi call hold kvimo linel to the river. AAP
jis vaktis se baat kar rahe Hain unhone aapke call ko call par rakha
hai. Kripya line par bane rahiye. The person you are speaking with has
put your call on hold. Please stay on the line. Tangu recall hold TV
remote linel sudharuga AAP jis vyakti se baat kar rahe Hain unhone
aapke call ko phone par rakha hai.

[Sales Agent 06:39]
Hello, hello, hi. Thank you for holding on the line.

[Sales Agent 06:44]
So yeah, so you can say offline, I mean, I mean 60 percentage what
happens? I mean, in the 49 percentage, what happens is like they book
from our website as soon as they I mean directly call us and book

[Sales Agent 07:01]
MATLAB, you are running campaigns here and there and through which
they give you a call and accordingly they book the resort as well.

[Sales Agent 07:07]
Actually we are running engagement campaign on matter and then and
first and and I mean this call iPhone, Google, Lakshmi. Yeah, okay,
okay, okay. And what is the like whether if we take like this, what
you call the audience into consideration your particular targeted
audience with their exactly mostly from South or like mostly from the
north. So we are targeting metro cities, I mean all the metro cities
across India.

[Sales Agent 07:36]
So I leave. I mean,

[Sales Agent 07:40]
I mean I would say like 60 percentage 1000 then 40 percentage not
okay.

[Sales Agent 07:46]
Coming forward. When you are taking up this additional marketing and
you are promoting it on a larger scale, what is your end goal that you
are looking in for? One thing is you want your, one thing is you want
your yeah, please, please, please go ahead. Please go ahead. Please go
Sir. One thing what I understood is you want to increase your target
audience. That is most of the sales for you should come through online
channel rather than coming through offline channel, the disc travel
agency. That is one of the goal.

[Sales Agent 08:11]
Yeah, that is one of the goal. But my primary goal is not that
actually. See my primary goal is that I want to learn in depth about
digital marketing like what are the new answers? Like how does it work
and what are the new things in digital marketing for that when I scale
if you. The thing is that I cannot run my campaign alone. My point
being I I am not free. Actually if I take a 2 or 3 person and set up
my own digital marketing team or I hire a 3rd party, in both cases

[Sales Agent 08:41]
I need to know what they are doing and if they are doing something
wrong I need to find out first because I am spending good amount of
money on digital marketing. I dont want to waste my money believing
someone is doing good job. Okay, you are getting reasons for it. I am
getting,

[Sales Agent 08:56]
I am getting bookings, but I believe I can make it much more efficient
if I know, know what is going on.

[Sales Agent 09:04]
Okay, okay. So right now, currently you are profitable.

[Sales Agent 09:08]
Yeah, we are profitable. But my name, my point is like last

[Sales Agent 09:14]
few years I had one guy, then I had to change him because initially he
was good, then he started his thing did not work out after some time.
Then I hired a new person. Now last 6 and 8 months he is doing it and
new agency. Now they kind of took a decision, they are not doing
performance marketing and they are going to previous you something
else.

[Sales Agent 09:35]
So you see these things are happening leaving a small business owner.
I cannot go and straight away hire Anil Patel or you getting my point.

[Sales Agent 09:46]
So I should know what is happening. If someone is going, I can tell
you I mean agency please leave, you leave and I can during the
downtime I can run the campaigns and I can and handle this and then
hire a new agency.

[Sales Agent 10:01]
Exactly that is what happened. See one thing is if you are not aware
of what you are doing, is your business basically into marketing as a
business owner. If you dont have that idea, The thing is the other
person if he gets to know that he is going to take the system for a
ride as well as you. So that what is mindset is however he doesnt know
whatever I do. So what is the main difference that is going to happen?
So that is how the game is going to go on. So better you are like you
understood you realised it and you want to check to learn

[Sales Agent 10:30]
that is really good thing. So first thing is I will explain you about
the program as well. The program basically is divided into 2 parts.
The first part is going to be a core program that is of a 6 and a half
months duration. And in this core program you are going to learn
topics from a basic level to an intermediate level. Okay, okay. And
over here you are going to learn topics like search engine
optimization, search engine marketing, social media marketing,
programmatic and display advertising,

[Sales Agent 10:59]
keyword search, data analytics, website design, email marketing, block
creation, and content reality.

[Sales Agent 11:07]
Okay, these things are going to be covered in the 6 and half months of
your account Core progress. Basically the foundation of digital
marketing,

[Sales Agent 11:14]
Sure. And if you look into this particular program, it is 80%
practical and this 20% is the theoretical part.

[Sales Agent 11:22]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 11:24]
hello. Yeah, yeah. So as far as the practical exposure is concerned,
you are going to have 9 assignments, 5 industry days, live projects
and 14 categories in the 6 and half months core program. It is
completely going to be the practical oriented program rather than
being theoretical. As far as these projects are, basically first
project is going to be a block creation project using WordPress tool.
The second project is going to be social media marketing using
Facebook as manager. 3rd project is going to be searching marketing
and display advertising using Google ads.

[Sales Agent 11:55]
4th project is basically going to be web analytics project using
Google Analytics tool. And the last one is going to be search engine
optimization using overprocessed. So one thing is by learning Google
Apps, you will also be excel at your press performance marketing as
well. By learning social media marketing, you very well understand
where to invest your resource in how to get the return sort of it.
Okay Sir

[Sales Agent 12:20]
and searching your optimization is basically to have a much of a
visibility for your website

[Sales Agent 12:26]
and web analytics project is basically to understand how many
customers or basically audiences are visiting your website on a
monthly basis on a daily basis and how many people are going till out
till that checkout page. And what are the different options that they
are looking in for is what you can get to understand and accordingly
you can understand the psychology of that particular your audience and
you can start running your campaigns. Okay, okay. So these are all the
things that is really going to help you out in your digital marketing

[Sales Agent 12:56]
journey.

[Sales Agent 12:57]
Just just and next thing is you will also be having different case
series as well. And these case studies are going to be from top
companies like Carforce, Diva Mein Bajaj, Beverkoof to understand how
they were able to establish the history presence, how they were able
to become a Unicorn company. So how you will be able to do it and what
are the steps that you need to follow. So all these learnings you are
get are going to get through this case studies. Okay, okay. And after
completion of it, there are 5 different specialization. As I told you,
first

[Sales Agent 13:28]
position is into branding and communications. Second specialization is
of marketing analytics, 3rd specialization is of social media and
content marketing, 4th specialization as marketing communications
focus towards Priya. And the last one is going to be generative
artificial intelligence. These are all the 5 specialization that would
be given to you wherein post completion of your core program, one
specialization is mandatory for you to select. Okay, okay. Rest 4, it
is completely up to your choice

[Sales Agent 13:57]
whether how much ever you want to add, whether you want to add 234,
depending on your specialization that you add, your course is
gradually going to vary. I mean duration is going to vary, okay. And
along with that, when it comes to the commitments on a weekly basis,
you will just need to spend 8 to 10 hours

[Sales Agent 14:14]
on a weekly basis. On a weekly basis, why 8 or 10 hours? Because there
are 2 different tracks with the program. One is being an executive
track and one more is being a management truck. So basically you as a
business, business owner, you would be put under the management
basically to understand how to develop a strategy, how to build a
strategy, how to optimize this channel and accordingly how to run it
is what you are going to learn over here. So that you come up with the
different strategies to reach out to different customers because right
now we are targeting Money Metro City

[Sales Agent 14:47]
and there are like like if you look into this, like what you call this
particular market, it is completely unorganised.

[Sales Agent 14:55]
So there are lots of, lots and lots of things for you to explore. And
similarly, you can also become like one resort and then you can
gradually take up this model and accordingly you can also start
something since you are like very good with resorts. You are very well
understand right now we are dealing only with your resort

[Sales Agent 15:13]
so I should keep on growing what you can do with the same part. You
can have a tie up with a different resort and you can wait something
great like Airbnb.

[Sales Agent 15:24]
In this way you are promoting your business as well and accordingly
you are also getting a new business model as well. Whatever you have
started you just the initial scheme. As you keep on growing, you can
like have a tie up to a different record and accordingly you can work
on a Commission basis aspect.

[Sales Agent 15:40]
That is also going to be one of the plus point for you. Okay,

[Sales Agent 15:44]
so for this strategies is very important, that is what you are going
to learn in the management time and this 8 to 10 hours on a weekly
basis if I want to buy for cheated Monday to Friday, it is one thing
management tracking the other price you mentioned the executive
executive that is completely for freshers, okay, okay, okay. And next
thing is when it comes to this class timing from Monday to Friday, it
is going to be just one hour on a daily basis, Okay,

[Sales Agent 16:12]
okay. Wherein you are going to go through certain recorded contents as
well as certain assignments would be provided you. This is what you
are going to learn over here. I mean complete it in this Monday to
Friday basis. Saturday and Sunday you will be having your live and
interactive classes and these classes are going to be with the faculty
members of Manika as well as with the industrial experts

[Sales Agent 16:33]
is completely going to be live and interactive. This is where you are
actually actually learning comes into an existence because

[Sales Agent 16:39]
over the life showroom, you get to understand what exactly the concept
that you are teaching and whatever the doubts or any queries you have
directly, you can ask it out there, Sir. Okay, thereby clearing all
your doubts and further moving you don't have like you are very clear
with your topics and accordingly you can start implementing it on your
business as well or understand have a better understanding when
speaking either with a digital marketer or with any agent. Because one
thing as a business owner, what you have to understand is cost
optimization.

[Sales Agent 17:08]
Yeah, thats what like there is no point in spending. I mean there is
no upper limit in spending that case. So lets say me and you are the
digital marketer.

[Sales Agent 17:19]
Let's take it. I will just give you a common example. Let's take me
and you are the registered market and you are also generating
50,00,00,000 revenue for the company and I am also generating
50,00,00,000 revenue for the company. I am just giving an example. But
whatever the investment they put in a somewhere between less 25,00,000
to 50,00,000 but the same work is done by you within like 10 to
15,00,000.

[Sales Agent 17:40]
That is you are completely optimizing the cost and you you are like
there in what you are doing is with the minimal amount of investment
you are reaching out the maximum customer and generating lot of
revenue. Whereas in this case I am putting a lot of money reaching out
to like minimalist amount of customers and generating the same
revenue.

[Sales Agent 17:59]
Okay, okay, yeah okay. So this is what it is. So this is how further
going you are going to like the classes such as finances, the cost
optimization, each and everything we are going to learn and you are
going to learn it from the industrial export people carrying more than
15 plus years experience working with a top company. Like we have
Masaki Dishes working as head of search marketing with Google. We have
Mr APU Sharma Ohid, Senior manager of marketing communications working
with Apple

[Sales Agent 18:29]
and in the same like we also have a chief marketing officer. His name
is Mr Karan Siri, he was from railway. These kind of top profiles are
going to be part of this particular program.

[Sales Agent 18:40]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 18:43]
hello, hello, yeah, I am listening to you. Yeah. Any any doubts or any
queries till now

[Sales Agent 18:50]
I mean once if I complete the program I mean what what are the pricing
of the program?

[Sales Agent 18:56]
First thing is one specialization along with core program is mandatory
for you. If you go with one core core program plus one specialization,
it is going to cost you 1,13,004 + 2 would be 1,30,304 + 3 would be
1474 + 4 would be 164 and entire 4 + 5 would be 1,81,000.

[Sales Agent 19:17]
Okay, and how are the payment time?

[Sales Agent 19:21]
First thing is you will be paying just 15,000 as a block amount to
reserve your seat.

[Sales Agent 19:27]
Okay rest you are going to convert into. You can convert into your
complete EMIS either 9 months no cost EMI options or standard EMI
plans ranging from 12 months to 48 months.

[Sales Agent 19:38]
1248 pants. Okay Mr you are comfortable with, you can go for it. And
once I complete the course, will I get a satisfaction from Myka or how
it is Micah in association with Aapka, you are going to get the
certification and along with that of this particular certification of
now NSDC certified as well. NSDC stands for National Skill Development
Corporation. This has been validated by Government of India.

[Sales Agent 20:02]
This particular certification MAAM

[Sales Agent 20:06]
okay, okay, okay, so so you are from you are calling me from up there
right? Yes, upgraded Sir Delhivery partner.

[Sales Agent 20:14]
I mean we just take care of the admissions for Micah. So once we
enroll the complete curriculum, the party members everything is going
to be from Myka Malika being one of the top institute in entire India
when it comes to marketing. So the complete syllabus curriculum and
along with that the faculty members are going to be from vehicle,
right? Okay. And okay,

[Sales Agent 20:38]
so one thing I would like from you like if you could send me the
syllabus or brochure of this one and one WhatsApp again go through and
within couple of days time I will confirm on this. And right now I am
couple of days MATLAB, how many days you would require? You know

[Sales Agent 20:54]
actually couple within 2 days I will confirm within 2 days you will
confirm. Okay, sure. So one thing what I will do please and I have a
completely different doubt. Its not regarding this phone I mean since
you are calling from up there, do you offer I mean MBA on I mean
online like some job institute?

[Sales Agent 21:16]
Yes exactly. We are offering like you want an international MBA or
like global MBA would be Sir. And in global India or domestic India I
mean what is the difference actually? See global MBA is something that
is coming from university, Global university that is International
University or Business School. Domestic is nothing but Indian court.

[Sales Agent 21:38]
I mean in global Business School. Who are your partner?

[Sales Agent 21:45]
We have Decimal University from Australia, We have Liverpool Business
School from UK, We have Golden Gate University from USA.

[Sales Agent 21:56]
So these like institutes are like providing their NBA for you online
in India. In India we have OP, Gizel Global school,

[Sales Agent 22:07]
OPOP, Jindal, Jindal. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah okay. Not like Mysore.
Anyone else? No, Micah will not provide because Micah is PGDM. For
that you have to prepare for cats. My cat

[Sales Agent 22:24]
I know I was asking like someone who is in business less know I mean
10,000 writing that and all other stuff. Exactly, and one more thing
is at this point of time NBS too early for you as well.

[Sales Agent 22:39]
MBAMBA is early for you,

[Sales Agent 22:43]
okay? You are you are planning for it yourself.

[Sales Agent 22:47]
I mean for me I was asking okay. For you, you were asking yes, yes,
okay. In terms of like generally you want to have that understanding
or how is it?

[Sales Agent 22:59]
Sorry I didn't hear why do you want to do an MBA?

[Sales Agent 23:04]
I know it is I am doing business. I I see it's not a I mean decided
thing. I was just prospecting like any good.

[Sales Agent 23:13]
Is there any good universities you are associated with for MBA
network? And I don't think I have time for time for it also. But I was
just perfect. But that is also the same thing, luxurious thing

[Sales Agent 23:27]
in terms of times and everything, but duration is going to be

[Sales Agent 23:32]
okay.

[Sales Agent 23:33]
And what is the pricing Less so because Global Subway starts from
4,50,000 and it goes up to 10,00,000

[Sales Agent 23:41]
10,00,000 okay okay sorry 7.5 sorry 7.7 okay yeah okay so this 1I will
confirm in 2 days but could you please send me a brochure or some I
mean syllabus something like that I will send it to you have a look
into it. And that's why I for your information, this batch is going to
start from 29th of this particular month. Alright and one day,

[Sales Agent 24:06]
I mean it's 27 today, however you told me your 2 days you are going to
confirm but 29th, you can let me know what exactly you are planning.
And basically The thing is in the meanwhile, you are also going to
have an authentication panel call as well that is going to be from the
admission panel member of Muhaiya is going to understand your profile
and he is going to give you further more insight as well because they
are very skeptic when it comes to the profile of this particular
program.

[Sales Agent 24:33]
So they are like giving lot of concentration over here. So that is
good because your second call and if you qualify over there then
definitely on like if you are willing to go ahead with the program. So
what we can do is on 29th of this month, if you are really interested,
you will just pay the 15,000 block amount and you can start up with
your program rest you can convert it into EMI

[Sales Agent 24:54]
and one more. What are you looking for? Looking at a qualification for
this one, See qualification is bachelors that is what they are looking
for,

[Sales Agent 25:03]
okay? Matlab you are asking about this admission panel call or like
admission admission panel Sir admission panel call. See first thing
they will understand whatever why exactly you are doing this
particular program, okay.

[Sales Agent 25:14]
Whether whatever that thing that you are looking in for is aligning
with this course Curry syllabus or not or deliverables or not is what
they are looking in for okay. If everything is matching that is why
there will be qualifying the proofing.

[Sales Agent 25:27]
Okay, okay, done Sir, that is what it is. Let me know. One thing is go
through the brochure today, is it okay tomorrow? Its coming 1030 or
11. Can I schedule this call

[Sales Agent 25:41]
today? I have 23 meetings so I would say again after 2:00 O'clock
would be perfect. Promise. Okay,

[Sales Agent 25:56]
any doubts? No, no, no, thank you. Okay, sure, thank you. Have a great
day.

[Sales Agent 26:03]
Thank you. Thank you. Bye.
