[Customer 00:01]
Hello,

[Customer 00:03]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:04]
Yeah. Good evening. This is Mr Vijay I am speaking with.

[Customer 00:07]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yeah, Hi, Vijayan Kumar website.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
Yeah. Actually I just wanted to understand you are on the website on
address. So can you please let me know what you are looking for?

[Customer 00:22]
I just wanted to know this triple IT Bangalore code.

[Sales Agent 00:26]
Okay that is 4th graduation Monday.

[Customer 00:30]
Amanpatra,

[Customer 00:33]
yes.

[Sales Agent 00:35]
Yeah. Mr Hasti, there are multiple programs from triple IT, this
program which you have got.

[Customer 00:42]
Great of homes and.

[Sales Agent 00:46]
Okay okay. That is 12 months of program data sanctioning.

[Customer 00:50]
Yeah its for working professional Sir.

[Sales Agent 00:54]
Exactly. So if you have any doubts, any queries you can let me know so
we can go ahead accordingly.

[Customer 00:59]
I just want to know that

[Customer 01:02]
the technician or what? What? What what it is called? What? Is there a
degree? It's a diploma certification, not it is.

[Sales Agent 01:10]
Okay okay. It will be a certificate, not a degree, but it will be
recognised with that and you just have to second thing, it will be
accordingly equal to the diploma.

[Customer 01:21]
So it is a post graduate diploma

[Customer 01:26]
and it is recognised by the UGC.

[Sales Agent 01:30]
Exactly and the best.

[Customer 01:31]
Also and.

[Sales Agent 01:33]
That Wes, have you heard about this?

[Customer 01:36]
You are not. Your voice is little low.

[Sales Agent 01:39]
Give me a second mam, I will change something.

[Customer 01:50]
Hello, Sir.

[Sales Agent 02:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 02:04]
Yeah, Amit. Am I audible now?

[Sales Agent 02:07]
Okay, okay. I was the same that it will be like recognised by Best and
certified by UTC.

[Customer 02:15]
Okay. And

[Customer 02:19]
what is the duration?

[Sales Agent 02:21]
That is 12 months of program.

[Customer 02:25]
Okay. And it will be totally offline means online. Sorry.

[Sales Agent 02:29]
It will be proper online program. OK? Before like going online, can
you please let me know about your profile like what experience you
have, how much?

[Customer 02:37]
Value Okay Okay,

[Customer 02:41]
Informatica Data Company.

[Customer 02:43]
Yeah, I just want to just what else you want to know?

[Sales Agent 02:47]
Okay if you can let me know about your experience total.

[Customer 02:50]
Experience Verification 15 years of experience.

[Sales Agent 02:55]
Okay. And what you have the any new qualification of highest
qualification?

[Customer 03:01]
Bachelor of Engineering from Berlin Institute of Technology.

[Sales Agent 03:04]
Okay. And is there any other diploma, any kind of certificate for
them? Okay

[Sales Agent 03:11]
okay. So you are already holding like details of your experiencing a
15 residential, so you wanted to change or you wanted to upgrade
yourself into that. Is that particular reason? Or if you wanted to
learn anything specifically, is there something like?

[Customer 03:25]
Data, Finance and A I I want to do something in that area.

[Sales Agent 03:30]
OK, So what you are doing right now like what the role responsibility
you have to handle, is there any particular software you have to deal
or anything else?

[Customer 03:39]
Architect of software

[Customer 03:41]
You can read informatics where cloud company

[Customer 03:44]
work on cloud technology and we built traditional software. You know a
TL,

[Customer 03:51]
a TL company,

[Customer 03:52]
so my job is but there is no data science or RTF Student Intelligence.
I am not working on that area. I am working on a cloud product.

[Sales Agent 04:05]
Okay okay, specially over there you are working and not any other
particular software or anything about the data itself, right?

[Customer 04:11]
Nothing we have Java or developer end to end.

[Sales Agent 04:16]
Okay. So like, how did you make your mind that you wanted to do this
or you wanted to learn right now this thing?

[Customer 04:25]
In my company its called. We are working on a IML things but in future
it might be required for The Wanted to get some hands on some
knowledge on that on to understand how it works. Overall everything
Yes I need a back point I cannot go. I cannot leave my job and go for
a full time and tech or Ms right now.

[Sales Agent 04:51]
Yeah, totally. For a working professor, it is not easy to like you
said, job and continuous start studying

[Sales Agent 04:58]
Okay. So you can like you already sketch the program which you have
mentioned. So if you are coming already from a tech background, what
kind of people are exploring or wanted to learn in a machine learning
or data science? Because they both are different.

[Customer 05:13]
Mostly machine learning.

[Sales Agent 05:16]
Yeah. So which program if you you have said NA that is mostly based on
a data sense. If you are looking for yourself to upgrade yourself in a
machine and that is a different program. That is why I just ask that
what you wanted to learn so I can share you accordingly the details.
Yeah. So that program including your data science, everything your A,
I will be covered into that because this program is right. If the
person is coming from a mounted background or they just wanted to the
data analyst job or a business analyst, they can do that this thing.
But if you are looking for a machine running that is a different
program but from the same university,

[Sales Agent 05:50]
yeah, but your content curriculum will be more based on MLNA.

[Customer 05:54]
I want more hands on kind of experience where I can actually see the
real time products or projects or something similar.

[Sales Agent 06:03]
To that okay, so can you.

[Customer 06:06]
Share that one to my email ID that can you pull up I.

[Sales Agent 06:09]
Will tell you the brushes and how the you are going to be. Get a hand
on process. There will be a live project will be included in your
curriculum. There will be a live lecture from details only on
Saturday, Sunday and your daily basis. They will providing you a live
project which is also collaborated with the company, not a dummy one.

[Sales Agent 06:27]
So you are already getting, yeah, on the daily basis.

[Customer 06:31]
Who will be the faculty for this machine learning program?

[Sales Agent 06:34]
There will be a triple IC Bangalore University professor and including
your domain expertise. So you will go into that line industry like the
knowledge and the WhatsApp companies are doing. What kind of
requirement are there and for your theoretical ones, universities,
professors will going to be provided.

[Customer 06:51]
And one more thing is 12 months is fixed. We have to finish it in the
12 month or it is flexible that if we are not able to finish it on
time, we can we can stretch it for more than 12 months.

[Sales Agent 07:04]
Okay. You are asking about like in case you get any emergency or any
kind of project if you want to take a break. If I am not wrong, okay

[Sales Agent 07:12]
okay. So that case you know you can do one thing like in the program,
any of the program will come there. They will be a kind of different
things will be provided to the learners. You are. We also noted you
are dealing with the working professional, so Anita and if you wanted
to take a break during your program that time you can avail the
decibel option.

[Sales Agent 07:29]
So anytime 15 days or more than that, how much time you need, you can
drop a decoral or you can take that and where you left your program
you can continue from their end.

[Customer 07:40]
OK. OK. And what about the exams or any kind of the?

[Sales Agent 07:45]
How you will?

[Customer 07:46]
Just decide.

[Sales Agent 07:48]
Yeah, there will be exams in the program itself, not.

[Customer 07:52]
For the end of the.

[Sales Agent 07:53]
Program.

[Customer 07:54]
Or offline.

[Sales Agent 07:55]
It will be online proper program which come online. Yeah, update is
just providing you like the learning portal, your career assistant,
anything else.

[Sales Agent 08:02]
But yeah, your program and your certificate which is totally from like
the university. There is no interfere like from upgraded.

[Customer 08:12]
So there will be proper exams also plus project also right?

[Sales Agent 08:17]
Exactly, yeah. And what kind of project? They are busy. What kind of
faculty? Everything is mentioned over the website.

[Sales Agent 08:23]
Can you slow that? How much experience you are holding with background
they are coming from? Everything is over there.

[Customer 08:29]
OK, thats fine, thats fine. And how much is the cost for this program?

[Sales Agent 08:34]
OK. So which you have studied like the data science and A I this will
be cost you from 3,00,000 Twentyfive and the MLNAI program which I
told you that is 13 months of program which will be cost you 3,30,000.

[Sales Agent 08:48]
Got it, Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 08:50]
So I and these dates are flexible right? If I don't want to start next
month, is it possible?

[Sales Agent 08:58]
In April of me one batch, no, there will be a one batch in a year
because every year they will be they will take a one batch so.

[Customer 09:04]
When is the next batch starting?

[Sales Agent 09:07]
It will come to the next year only.

[Customer 09:10]
Right now, is there any batch going on?

[Sales Agent 09:12]
Yeah, the deadline is already mentioned if you have checked over there

[Sales Agent 09:15]
on the website, right? How do the application

[Sales Agent 09:20]
that is 30 March?

[Customer 09:25]
Okay.

[Customer 09:26]
So after 30 March there will not be any admission.

[Sales Agent 09:30]
No, no, no. Before that you can submit your application because there
will be yeah, I didn't mention one thing before taking the program
because I know that you are coming from cash background but every
person and the learners are coming. There will be a prep content will
be released. So and you can like complete your basis for everything
related to coding Buffalo learning. We will clear your basis in a
first like the one month,

[Sales Agent 09:53]
then your content going to be starting related to your library pools
and the languages everything.

[Customer 10:01]
Okay okay okay. Just share that all the details on my mail. I will
check that and I will get back to you. Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:07]
Yeah, is this your same number on the WhatsApp or is that you over the
name?

[Customer 10:12]
Mail is also fine. I prefer mail. If you can send it on mail okay I
will.

[Sales Agent 10:17]
Share you both of there. In case you wanted to reach out to me, you
can connect on the website Okay.

[Customer 10:21]
Sure.

[Sales Agent 10:22]
Yeah, Okay. Thank you.
