[Customer 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Yeah. Hi, Is it Sonali?

[Sales Agent 00:08]
Hi Sonali. Shubham. This side I am connecting you from upgraded
education. How are you? I.

[Customer 00:12]
Am good. How are you? I.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
Am good too Sunani Sir asking so Sunakar recently I am calling you
right now is I believe you are exploring few courses with us right
Some something is data science. Yeah,

[Sales Agent 00:25]
Sir, good time now to have a short discussion.

[Customer 00:29]
Yeah, I am looking for a discussion room. Give me a minute.

[Customer 00:34]
Yeah, yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:36]
Okay, so so maam, please help me understand a bit about your current
profile and like what sort of outcomes you are looking for.

[Customer 00:45]
So

[Customer 00:45]
currently

[Customer 00:46]
I am working as a data analyst but I am not working on any product
which is outside like power behind or tell you. I am working on a
product which is only used in my company and prior to this I have had
an experience of manage testing

[Customer 01:07]
in the same company.

[Sales Agent 01:08]
For 5 to.

[Customer 01:09]
6 years and after that I switched as a data. Basically I am at a word
where I want to.

[Customer 01:17]
I mean I am not able to decide where I have to move. I just need some
guidance on that, whether it is data science or

[Customer 01:27]
it's a product product management. So I have to get your onto how to
use my skills. Where and how should I proceed with? Yeah.

[Sales Agent 01:36]
Got it, got it, got it. Okay. See. So in in this case, right, the very
next question that I would really want to understand is where do you
see yourself 2 years or 3 years down the line,

[Sales Agent 01:51]
right? Let say you wanted to see in the data science domain, you want
to be into the analytics domain or like you want to handle some kind
of product, because both of them are very like different domains,
right? If you go for the product, yes.

[Customer 02:07]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 02:08]
So if you go for a product management, you are basically would be
handling one single product, right? But again, if you upscaled
yourself with the data analytics or data science, you can expect the
better designation. You can expect better roles, right? With a better
pay package or something like that,

[Sales Agent 02:24]
yeah.

[Customer 02:25]
So I want to get into something which is generic, where if I step out
in the market I dont have to struggle with monotony and you know like
right now I am in the fin position and

[Customer 02:39]
it will be difficult for me to explore outside. I have nothing which
can be utilised for say apart from my industry to experience as a
profession. So yeah,

[Customer 02:54]
I want to update my skill set in that through that process,

[Customer 03:00]
Okay. Yeah. And I want to get into. I mean I dont want to.

[Customer 03:04]
I am not really able to decide if I have to. I want to pay into
technique

[Customer 03:09]
like because status are somewhere under the 510 and.

[Sales Agent 03:13]
All of.

[Customer 03:14]
That and I am also not able to decide if I want to again go into
product management because I need to have a lot of business updates
from what I read again so I dont know how much I will be able to keep
up with that. So I want to

[Customer 03:29]
understand how it is going to be. I also want to earn like I am not
saying that I dont. I want to be a leave it person or not not struggle
at all.

[Customer 03:39]
But I don't want to regret going into any of these. No.

[Customer 03:46]
If I should, yeah. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:49]
I understood, understood. See as you as you mentioned right, product
is definitely a very booming domain right now. But then again there is
a lot of other aspects which also comes in. I mean in the industry
there is already a lot of people who are in this domain, they are
already managing the products and everything,

[Sales Agent 04:08]
right. Again, if you go into product man into your prior experience
might not be that much counted. I mean at some point in time you might
have start as a fresher again. So will that be something which you you
will be okay with?

[Customer 04:25]
Yeah, but I have to face the card, right?

[Sales Agent 04:29]
Might be there might be possibility you might have to go through that
as well right. There might be instances where you might not be go
through a pay cut but then again you you cant say right that how the
industry is accepting how you utilise the skill set because the prior
experience that you have, you have been into testing then you have
been into you know data analytics right? It is completely different. I
mean you wont be able to relate that much definitely you can
completely perform the analytics of a product. But then again in that

[Sales Agent 04:58]
designation that is not the only thing which you will be doing

[Sales Agent 05:02]
right. But then again if you explore the data science domain right
there, you will not have to you know go through any pay cut. You will
be not easier as a fresher right. You can explore the possibilities of
business and this type business analytics. Then you can go through a
IML those those domains are booming right now.

[Sales Agent 05:23]
Yeah so that something you you might have to be into the
technicalities for next 2 years or 3 years down the line. But once you
have reached the leadership role, right once you have reached to a
managerial position you you wont be have to you know go again for you
know complete technicality. You will be already handling something.

[Customer 05:40]
Yeah, yeah, right, right.

[Sales Agent 05:42]
Yeah. And in in Upgrad we had lot of people from product management
who have shifted towards the speed assigned and data analytics.

[Customer 05:52]
Right.

[Sales Agent 05:52]
Because thats thats what they they are felt right that I have been a
technical person from my complete life. Right now I am not utilizing
what my actual skills get skills at work

[Sales Agent 06:04]
thats what.

[Customer 06:04]
I am struggling with yeah.

[Sales Agent 06:06]
Yes, your your complete domain, your complete experience has been into
the technicalities. I mean you have been into testing, you have been
into the angle text. Now if you upscal yourself with better the newer
technologies like generative A I is already in the market right? And
if you are

[Sales Agent 06:23]
okay to go into again a bit of more coding right? You can if you are
okay with machine learning new machine learning algorithm right. Then
again, you can also project your career towards the development of a
IML application.

[Customer 06:37]
Right, right.

[Sales Agent 06:39]
Right.

[Sales Agent 06:39]
And that's where I have personally seen, like I have been you know,
consulting with a lot of industry professionals for past 4 years and I
have personally seen the transition. I mean, I had another, his name
was Ardha Argha Mukherjee Okay. So he started his career back in 2019,
right in a BPO sector with a 2.9 and PA as a salary. Right after you
know working with DevOps from BPO, he moved somehow you know up killed
himself and moved to DevOps.

[Sales Agent 07:08]
Then he took a data analytics course right from triple IC, right,
sorry, a IML program into a IML program right from triple 80
Bangalore. Now he has total 6 to 7 years of experience and he is
sitting at a package of 72 LPA thats on paper and apart from it, he is
additionally doing a lot of extra, you know freelancing, lot of other
development as well. And somehow we also have a lot of alumni honey in
Ayushi, right? She has filed his experience. Now she is a data
scientist

[Sales Agent 07:41]
and she is handling a team of 80 data analysts

[Sales Agent 07:46]
for UK based a project.

[Customer 07:49]
Right.

[Sales Agent 07:50]
Yeah. So those are the verticals which you can explore as.

[Customer 07:55]
Well,

[Customer 07:55]
yeah, I also like I didn't want to start like arm scratch given you
know I I was in a dilemma whether for the first car the start was I
first was expecting something into automation testing. But

[Customer 08:10]
again, market the market. They are not entertaining anyone without any
experience.

[Sales Agent 08:14]
So you.

[Customer 08:15]
Know considering my level of experience, so it is a little difficult.

[Customer 08:19]
Then I thought that now given I, I have something to show into data
analytics like, not.

[Sales Agent 08:27]
What?

[Customer 08:27]
It is demanded outside.

[Customer 08:30]
I have a touch like I know how it is.

[Sales Agent 08:32]
So.

[Customer 08:33]
I said yeah lets go on that part. So how do you recommend? I mean, I
have seen a lot of courses and yeah,

[Customer 08:40]
how do I stand out if I do data science?

[Sales Agent 08:46]
Course.

[Customer 08:47]
From you guys like how is your name helping?

[Sales Agent 08:50]
Sure. See first of all a normal certification course I have to be very
on wont be helping you out, right? So there are a lot of courses in
the market in upgrade. Also we have a lot of specification courses.
Very honestly that is not the solution to you. Now what you are facing
is those courses for someone who just wants to paint you all already
in those domain. Now what you require is a promotion right? For the
places kind of thing. Correct,

[Sales Agent 09:16]
right. Right. So for you we have this program which is a PG diploma,
right? So right. I mean, so have you done any masters on any anything
exactly?

[Customer 09:28]
In computer application.

[Sales Agent 09:30]
Okay, you have done Marcus Okay, great. So there is a PG diploma that
we have right. So thats from triple IT, Bangalore, Okay. So have you
came across this university?

[Customer 09:43]
I have only heard about it, yes.

[Sales Agent 09:45]
Yeah, so this triple IT university, so it was the first university
which started off with a data science program, right, a PCWM. So how
it is different from any other courses? So first of all its not a
course which is offered by just a tech platform, right? It is a course
which is directly offered by university. So when you do this course
you dont say that okay I have done this course from upgrade or
anything you say. I have directly done this course from Triple IT
Bangalore.

[Sales Agent 10:13]
You are an aluminium Triple IT Bangalore.

[Sales Agent 10:17]
Okay. You reach this as a traditional form of education and

[Sales Agent 10:21]
its UGC&AICT recognised as well okay.

[Sales Agent 10:26]
So and the best thing is that in this course you have 5 different
specialization. Let's say today you are you work as a daytime analyst,
right? But somehow you want to go towards Business analytics or data
engineer, right? You want to work with the NLP, Natural Language
Processing, So those are the specializations which we have also in
this program. So initial 6 months would be your understanding about
the data, right? What data and all those things you build your basic
when you gradually proceed ahead with a specialization

[Sales Agent 10:58]
and you opt out a specialization and you can give you solving the
problem statement industrialised project in that particular domain
itself.

[Customer 11:08]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:09]
Okay. And this particular course is globally accepted address, so it
is best recognised. Are you aware of this?

[Customer 11:18]
No, no, no, I wasn't aware.

[Sales Agent 11:20]
Okay. So when is a recognition right? It stands out as World Education
Services. So basically what it does is it checks the equivalency of
each and every certification. When I say it is web recognised, it
means that this particular program is globally recognised right? And
it has the equivalency of a PG masters from Canada, one year masters
from Canada

[Sales Agent 11:47]
okay. And in this particular program you will be getting your hands on
on 14 plus tools, right, 14 plus programming tools and languages. So
you come you cover Docker, right, you cover SATIS which is the part of
generative A I. So you go up Python, numpied, pandas all all the
libraries, right. Apache Hadoop systems. So all the tools which is
required for you in this particular domain is something that is being
covered in this particular project. Yeah,

[Sales Agent 12:16]
4 right. And as I mentioned that we have a 5 business specialization
like seat learning, natural language processing, business
intelligence, right, Then business analytics, data engineering. So out
of any of these 5, you have to choose one specialization.

[Customer 12:33]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:35]
Okay and this is just overview about the program and this code that we
have. It has been running for past 9 years and there are more than
40,000 alumni in this domain

[Sales Agent 12:46]
in this particular course, right? I mean if you you know, you can name
any company and I can show you an alumni present over there for this
particular program

[Sales Agent 12:55]
and when you see your certificate you can straight away see that it is
completely by the university. Nowhere it will be mentioned that you
have done through upgrad or you know it sound like scores and it has
been

[Sales Agent 13:06]
and definitely apart from that we do have the career assistance and
career services as well as you mentioned that at this point of time
you are you are feeling you are bit stagnant, your growth is a bit
stagnant right. How do

[Sales Agent 13:21]
we come out of it? Doing just the course is not something which is
going to help you out. There are plenty of the course in the market,
right? There are plenty of people also doing a lot of courses,

[Sales Agent 13:30]
but how do we take your career ahead So that way we will be working on
where we have career coaches who are 1520 years of experience, right?
They are ICS 35. So basically they will be your one on. There will be
a one on one mentor in terms of your career. So they will be sitting
down with you right on a venomal basis. Understand what are your
career goals are, what your career aspirations are and what why. What
is the major reason? What is the root cause of the problem where you
are? Growth is stagnant,

[Sales Agent 14:00]
right? And they will be trying to solve that out for you.

[Sales Agent 14:04]
Then after that, we will be aligning you with the industry expert as
well where we have Mr Behzad Ahmadi. He is a machine learning engineer
from Mehta. Then we have Mr S Anand. He is the CEO of Gramina Data
Science Company. Then we have Mr Ankush Chopra who is directed at
freedom. So these are the people who will be helping you out to
understand Okay, today you are at a entry level. Now after 5 years,
how you can reach to a designation where you are at leadership group,

[Sales Agent 14:34]
thats why they will be working on

[Sales Agent 14:38]
Okay. So yeah, and apart from that then we have services as I
mentioned the Courier assistance. So we have partnered with more than
500 plus hiring company, right. So lets take 2 years down the line
right after doing the course.

[Sales Agent 14:54]
You feel that OK, now I want to fix the company right? Or let's say
you are doing this course for to fix the company itself, right? You
want to best specification, a better role Sir that point of time Also
you can you know go to our career portal. We have our own career job
portal where we list all the job applications by these Univers
companies. Okay. Now all these applications are exclusive for the
upgraded learner, No one from outside will be able to apply, right? So
now we also help you with your resume. You might be aware that there
is a new technology in the market which is a PS

[Sales Agent 15:31]
right which directly you know, filters out all the resumes,

[Sales Agent 15:36]
right? So we will make sure that your resume 90% a DS compliant so
that you get maximum number of interview calls.

[Sales Agent 15:45]
Once you get the interview call we will be training you for the
interview as well. Like what? What is required right? How you can face
the interview and lets say tomorrow you have a dream company, lets say
you you want to work for Google and you come secure a interview over
there. Now what he will be doing, we will be connecting you with a
person who is working in that particular company in that particular
role in that particular domain itself.

[Sales Agent 16:10]
So they will be taking a mock interview with you who will be giving a
complete idea that what you should do and what the company calls Sir,
how you can negotiate your salary right each and everything.

[Sales Agent 16:23]
So these are the overview and apart from these right lot of things
goes on like you, you are aligned to a student mentor right? Who helps
you with your project? Who tells you right apart from the course what
else you should do?

[Sales Agent 16:39]
Yeah, so these are the things.

[Customer 16:43]
Okay. And how

[Customer 16:46]
is it going to be like? Are they going to be online classes every
week? How is the program?

[Sales Agent 16:50]
Yeah, so it is going to be online week in classes. So basically it is
a plexit format. So you will be having your life classes on your
Saturday and on your friends okay. So it will be there will be 2
slots, so one would be a morning slot and one would be a evening slot.
Either of the slot you can attend based upon your availability

[Sales Agent 17:09]
right? And in the weekday you will be doing certain case studies
project work. There are more than 60 plus industry projects that you
will be working on and I will just tell you these are not some demo
datas that you are working on. These are the industry life projects. I
mean you are from the industry you understand right? What is the
requirement going on and how important it is to you know have maximum
number of project work into your profile and

[Sales Agent 17:34]
these projects you will be able to you know

[Sales Agent 17:36]
its okay on your LinkedIn, on your resume, on your you know TV,
everything. These are showcasable regime projects,

[Sales Agent 17:46]
Okay. So you will be doing those kind of projects and then you will be
also attending a lot of webinars, lot of seminars by the industry
experts like we keep on bringing in the directors right from different
companies, some CEOs from different companies who you know take
sessions with you. So they will be completely helping you out to give
your idea. For each and every step there will be a person who is
constantly guiding you, constantly pushing you.

[Sales Agent 18:15]
You will be getting upgraded buddy. Basically they will be your
upgraded assistant, right? Who constantly is there with you to support
you. Let us say at 2:00 PM right at 2:00 AM in the night, you are
doing your self study and you are facing a academical issue.

[Sales Agent 18:32]
So at that point of time you can reach out to your glad party, right?
You can raise the request, raise a ticket to the student support that
I am at, I am here. I have this kind of a doubt. What should I do? And
you are, you know you will be simply getting the rewards on that.

[Customer 18:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 18:52]
Yeah.

[Customer 18:53]
And what will be the duration of this program?

[Sales Agent 18:57]
So

[Sales Agent 18:57]
it is, it is going to be a one year program. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 19:02]
So 6 months, yeah.

[Customer 19:05]
Yeah, yeah, you are. Go.

[Sales Agent 19:06]
6 months, 6 months would be your specialization right? And initial 6
months would be your basic you know understanding towards the data and
domain. And as well we have also implemented the generative A M module
where you can get to understand that how you can interact with LLM,
how you can create an LLM right? How is the data analysis, how you can
implement generative A I. So at the end of the program you will be a
generative A I certified data site

[Sales Agent 19:35]
for a detailed okay.

[Customer 19:38]
Okay. And

[Customer 19:40]
do I have to also visit the campus?

[Sales Agent 19:43]
Its up to you, its up to you. If you feel like you want to visit the
campus, definitely you can go right? Even you will be invited for the
convocation. So at the end of the course when you are handed over the
PC diploma right certificate, you will be invited to the campus for
the convocation. If you feel like you want to go and attend the
convocation, definitely you can right? But if you feel like no I it's
okay I dont want to go.

[Sales Agent 20:05]
You will be getting the hard copy via POST.

[Customer 20:08]
Okay no. But I am asking if for any lecture or exams. How is it No.

[Sales Agent 20:14]
No no no no that its a complete online course. Its a complete online
course and and

[Sales Agent 20:18]
we dont have any you know examination sort of thing. So it is not a
semester examination sort of thing that we conduct. It is completely
based upon the you know graded components like the quizzes then you
will be having

[Sales Agent 20:33]
completely

[Sales Agent 20:34]
completely and its a complete industry saving. So not at all any sort
of traditional education when like in college used to happen right. It
completely based upon in the industry. How do you solve the problem
statement? How do you, you know, get that job?

[Sales Agent 20:50]
It is completely based upon that.

[Customer 20:53]
Okay, can you help me with this specialization of this program? You
told me that there are 5 specialization.

[Customer 21:01]
Yeah. Can you email me all of these details? How is this program going
to be? Of course of.

[Sales Agent 21:07]
Course, yeah, definitely. Could you please confirm your email once

[Sales Agent 21:12]
it's yeah it's KUGAGI sona.sonali@gmail.com

[Sales Agent 21:20]
okay. I am emailing all the details right? And after seeing the calls,
right after seeing the details, if you feel like you want to connect
to a person who is in the domain that says has you mentioned that you
also have a idea of project product management. So we do have alumni
who are from product who have done product management courses as well
and they have also been the data change domain. So you can get a exact
idea about the you know product management domain and how the ROI of
this course is

[Sales Agent 21:51]
so we can get alumni connected. You can connect to an alumni on one
hour basis and you can get the in and out of the course that. Is this
quote suitable for you or not? How is the ROI and how it how it makes
you stand out out of the crowd?

[Customer 22:04]
But yeah, So what? What is the fees and all everything you are going
to give me in that email, right?

[Sales Agent 22:10]
Sure, sure. Sir. I I will tell you the fees on the call itself. So the
fee of the program is 3,00,000 and 25,000, right, 25,000 something
which you pay up and then the rest of the amount you can convert into
EMI,

[Sales Agent 22:24]
Okay, yeah.

[Customer 22:26]
And this is the one year call.

[Sales Agent 22:28]
One year course it's a one year.

[Customer 22:29]
Course okay. Any anything which is like 28 weeks, 6 months, anything
around that,

[Customer 22:38]
Yeah, see?

[Sales Agent 22:41]
6 months Again for professional life, you who is already in the week I
have a course, right? 6 months course we do have but then again it is
something which is not going to be a university

[Sales Agent 22:51]
right is upgrade in house code. And second thing is this it might not
be that much helpful for you. I mean you are already aware of the no
house right now you need a advanced level something which is making
you established in the new industry. This is something which will be
exact solution to your problem statement.

[Sales Agent 23:12]
Can you have a look right? Yeah, please tell.

[Customer 23:16]
Me.

[Customer 23:19]
How does it stand out and how what? How is it compared to IIC?

[Sales Agent 23:24]
IIT.

[Customer 23:26]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 23:27]
See IIT&I TS are not exactly offering any direct courses in the market
right now. Either they are in association or is there they are in
collaboration with some XYZ platform right now. How the major
difference is? So lets say when I say that triple IT is directly
giving you a course, it means that faculty is also coming in. Now you
understand that what is the importance of a faculty giving you a good
faculty giving you the industry application

[Sales Agent 23:55]
right now let's say IIT is there Okay. I will tell you IIT with a
platform, they are offering a course Okay but it is not in
collaboration. So basically you will be having the IIT is also not
giving the exact code. IIT has a startup club, Okay, Divya Sampark or
something like that. We are providing the code.

[Customer 24:17]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:18]
So I directly does not provide any quotes like that and if you go to
triple IT website you will be getting this quote as well.

[Customer 24:26]
Okay. And how is it different from even I I seen I and Kozhikode also
has any analytic score. How is it different than? I mean, I want to
understand how remounded because I have only heard about this like I
have heard a lot about IITNII. Like is very serious and it has a
brand.

[Sales Agent 24:44]
And I fear compelled I am I if you are, if you would have said that I
am, I want to compare I am course to the management in, in terms of
management course. I would definitely said yeah go for the Kozhikode
course.

[Sales Agent 24:55]
But then again it is an IT program. How can you expect that Management
Institute will be able to provide you the industry application in
terms of the IT

[Sales Agent 25:07]
like it is a complete experience, right? Definitely brand name does
play a role, but then again how to to what extent, how a Management
Institute will be able to give you that particular industry
application in terms of IT&I triple IT? When the triple IT started
this course, there was no other platform offering courses in data
science, right?

[Sales Agent 25:33]
We have the highest number of alumnis in the entire market.

[Sales Agent 25:36]
Nobody would give you a direct alumni connect with any of in any
courses like nobody would connect you. You can if you ask me that Okay
Shubham, I want to connect to a person. I want to connect to a
director at XYZ company. Will you be able to do that? I will be saying
yes, I can do that. You name a company that I want an alumniiver
there. I can connect you over there and the kind of network that you
have built it's okay code price correspence. Lets keep everything
aside, the network that you build, the kind what kind of network,
right.

[Sales Agent 26:08]
If you see the batch profile, you will be seeing that lot of people
from like lets say our senior managers there, right, Senior director,
Associate director, those kind of people enroll in these kind of
programs.

[Sales Agent 26:20]
So you just imagine what sort of network that you are, you are
withdrawing. So you might have been heard about this theory, which is
Random Forest, right?

[Sales Agent 26:30]
So Random Forest was, you know, product by Tim Kamho. So she is a
student mentor and Argha has did the same project under her

[Sales Agent 26:44]
under teen Kamo. So when you do, you know when you go for this kind of
product you are building a very great network. I am near directionally
interacting with the directors of different company because those will
be your peers in the you know batch and it is a very short batch that
he gave, right. We maintain the level of premium keeping business
aside, there is a side of premium is that we have that has to be
applied, right. So 25 is the number which is the size of the bag.

[Sales Agent 27:14]
So you don't have to. You know that the class will not be a keyword,

[Sales Agent 27:20]
yeah?

[Customer 27:22]
And also so whatever support, extra support like you told, you will be
assigned a party or a mentor. Please the connections. You know if I
get to talk to someone in an company before getting into any
interview. So all of this support is provided by upgraded right? Not
by I triple.

[Sales Agent 27:43]
IT of course

[Sales Agent 27:46]
you will be a part of upgraded alumni base as well, right?

[Sales Agent 27:51]
So in upgraded we have over 20,000,000 alumnus in total right across
all the courses. So there is a common network for all of them. So that
is the grad alumni. So we have a separate portfolio for that. So
whenever you feel like you want to reach out to someone, you can
directly get the access of that portal right and you can directly
reach out to the all the alumni, all the you know tears in that
company.

[Sales Agent 28:17]
And so usually what happens if you reach out to people randomly linked
them? They usually don't tend to reply right? But when they see that
okay you have done the code from triple IT or you have been in
association with up back, they will reply to you seeing that bad,
seeing that bad

[Sales Agent 28:36]
because at some point in the career they were also on the other side
of that page,

[Sales Agent 28:42]
right. And this is how the complete we have built the complete
ecosystem, we have complete built the complete Cir circle, right that
whenever a learner is required help, other people do come in and
usually learners do in fact. So I mean we do have immersions as well.
So learners, you know, they go on unofficial

[Sales Agent 29:04]
networking events, then they go on a seminar webinars. So they do get
invited to all those sort of

[Sales Agent 29:11]
you know, meeting.

[Sales Agent 29:14]
So it does happen because you will be also have having a WhatsApp
group right? Where all the messages will be shared, all the
communication will be happening,

[Sales Agent 29:25]
yeah.

[Customer 29:26]
So and the course will be facilitated by Triple IT Bangalore.

[Sales Agent 29:31]
Only for any.

[Customer 29:32]
Other city is also.

[Sales Agent 29:34]
There no, no no its very Bangalore.

[Customer 29:38]
Okay, no. No other Allahabad or anywhere.

[Sales Agent 29:44]
Else. No, no, no, no. I mean, this is the university that we have. We
do have a masters program, right? By Liverpool John Mores University.
So

[Sales Agent 29:53]
it's a UK based university.

[Customer 29:57]
Okay,

[Customer 29:58]
yeah alright. Can you can you just show me all of these details
specially on this?

[Sales Agent 30:02]
Resolution and syllabus.

[Customer 30:04]
Yeah, yeah. And with the fees details and I will get back to you on
this.

[Sales Agent 30:11]
Sure, sure, Definitely, definitely. I will, I will say you all the
details over the insurance. Thank you so much. Okay, Okay. Yeah.
Thanks. Thank you. Alright, thank you.

[Sales Agent 30:22]
Bye.
