[Customer 00:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello, Hi, Pranav.

[Customer 00:05]
Yes, Sir. Sorry.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Pranav naiva hai, I am giving the call from Upgrad education.

[Customer 00:10]
Yeah, yeah, Boliye, Madam.

[Sales Agent 00:12]
Yeah, Aapko Sir, not Ji Naam Aapka course website, Sir.

[Customer 00:19]
Aapki or nahi hai? AA rahi hai Barabar, Madam.

[Sales Agent 00:21]
AAP kuchh kaun sa check kar dete Pranab. AAP grant

[Sales Agent 00:26]
theek hai, can we get an idea like what sort of portal exactly you are
looking for?

[Customer 00:31]
So digital marketing, ke liye chahiye Sir, digital marketing basis.

[Sales Agent 00:36]
Okay

[Sales Agent 00:36]
and pay AAP kya karte hai. Mera naam.

[Customer 00:39]
Business EML.

[Sales Agent 00:41]
Okay, so

[Sales Agent 00:44]
apart from that, this is services. Sir Pranav, just I may ask.

[Customer 00:47]
Textile. Textile. Floating.

[Sales Agent 00:51]
Okay and what you have done in your graduation?

[Customer 00:56]
Basically I am mechanical engineer plus I dont LBA in the marketing.

[Sales Agent 01:03]
Okay. So that is

[Sales Agent 01:05]
when are you planning to move into this digital marketing, right,

[Sales Agent 01:10]
okay, okay, okay. So I mean could have this implementation area of the
Saturday like Aapke plans that allows that you are going to implement
it into your own.

[Customer 01:22]
Business or mujhe hi nahi Pata who kaise full ghar Mein kaam shuru
karna hai. Actually

[Customer 01:28]
the click here.

[Sales Agent 01:30]
That of course we are going to create for this coming to that thing na
mujhe thoda sa understanding rahi thi Ki when you are talking about
digital marketing guys to cash as a cheeje AAP target kar rahe ho ya
kya tools vagairah sikhne ka plan karo ya kaise AAP apni business Mein
implement karne ka plan

[Sales Agent 01:52]
coding address you search in syndicate se kaam kar sakte ho AAP right.

[Customer 01:59]
Aur ye Jo Jo AAP digital marketing ke liye toh SAB matlab use hote hai
na ye jaise tools wo SAB matlab editing editing Jaisa fir apna company
Ki logo se liye apne kuchh samjho mere ko photos bahut dalni ho upload
karna ho ye SAB hota hai na Jo vahi

[Customer 02:17]
medicine Mein jaana hai.

[Sales Agent 02:20]
Okay

[Sales Agent 02:22]
Theek Hai and who recommended you for the digital marketing MATLAB
Kisi Aapka recommend Kiya Ki Nahi.

[Customer 02:28]
Nahi aisa nahi ho dunga Facebook Mein dekh Li jaata hai Sir

[Customer 02:33]
vahi Facebook se hi kiya raha Maine kuchh aya ad I hogi vaha pay.

[Sales Agent 02:40]
Okay okay, why? I was asking. See and tell you prime do Chijen hoti
hai right? Kitna time hogi aapko business chalate hai apna.

[Customer 02:49]
Barah saal ho Gaya.

[Sales Agent 02:51]
Okay so Matlab as such Aapka Family business or Aapne continue Kiya
hai.

[Customer 02:56]
Family kya samajhala usako Ek for extra forward le Gaya thoda foreign

[Customer 03:01]
integration kiya tha usase.

[Sales Agent 03:04]
Okay so same up as a plan. Karo kyonki usko aapko online Lana hai
website vagairah ye SAB banane ka plan kar lo

[Sales Agent 03:14]
theek hai theek hai. Thats a very nice part. Karna kahaan se put up
karte ho vaisa.

[Customer 03:19]
My Surat Singh.

[Sales Agent 03:21]
OK, Surat actually for the textile thing, right?

[Sales Agent 03:27]
So Surat is like Surat is doi chijon ke liye janavar hai. Textile is
the main thing, right?

[Sales Agent 03:34]
Yes, yes exactly. And both are the most important things.

[Sales Agent 03:40]
So see I tell you kya hota hai Pranav right when you when you talk
about digital marketing so digital marketing bhi bahut sare

[Sales Agent 03:50]
you can see implementation over there right aur jab aapka khud ka
business ho right toh utli jaata hai Ki AAP apne ye business ko you
know AAP usko definitely next not only to the digital platform but
also jaise you know search engine operation ho Gaya search you know ye
saare cheese hogi in SAB pe work karke you can make your brand the
first thing. Jaise koi search karta hai for any of the textile or any
of apparent. So if you will be using digital marketing too to Aapka Jo
Brand name Hoga, that will be the first recommendation

[Sales Agent 04:23]
to that particular person itself. Okay okay, right? I mean I hope this
is something that you are also planning to do, right?

[Sales Agent 04:33]
Okay, okay great. And apart from this any any course you have gone
through.

[Customer 04:40]
No, actually more

[Customer 04:42]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:45]
Not, not at all.

[Customer 04:46]
Abhi chalu hai Madam dont transfer chalu hai na.

[Sales Agent 04:50]
Aisa nahin hai do saal se nahi hai Do saal se jyaada height hai
Because aisa nahi hai haan exactly you can digital marketing.

[Customer 04:58]
Or something like.

[Sales Agent 05:01]
Haan haan correct pahle Ki haan Agar aapne marketing se MBA Ki hai toh
us time pe bhi thoda sa Ek specialization toh hai hi hogi digital
marketing ke liye

[Sales Agent 05:11]
kyonki mere mere brother ne bhi NDE Ki hai market unse he did with
poor specialization. Ekunda marketing niyamta and financial to
marketing Mein. He had a topic of digital marketing as well.

[Customer 05:24]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 05:25]
Yeah, so that's it. Because see when when when you are talking about
the textile things in sabse badi benefit ye hota hai Ki aapko na
digital marketing se Ek idea mil jaati hai Ki aapke saath audience hai
fir AAP us target audience ko understand karke accordingly. Apna
fabric kiya Jo bhi aapki customers hai. Unki reference K according
accordingly. Aur chijon pay kaam kar sakti Hoon

[Sales Agent 05:47]
nahi aur usmein Ek most important hota hai Ki AAP uska sabse pehle
important hota hai Ki search interest hote hai jahaan AAP Exactly AAP
usko use kar sakte hai toh Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, email in
saare jagah pe hai AAP apne brand ko

[Sales Agent 06:04]
exactly exactly exactly

[Sales Agent 06:08]
correct Sir koi budget bhi nahi chal rahe ho AAP apne lie pranav kosh
karne ke liye Jo something.

[Customer 06:15]
SAB kuchh badi naam socha nahi hai par wo matlab woh toh dekhna pada
hai detailing kya hai kaisa hai fir Matlab

[Customer 06:22]
matlab budget Aisa koi issue ka nahi hai. Aisa toh dekhiye na Agar
bahut high end pay to fir dekhna padega aise hai Madam.

[Sales Agent 06:31]
Aaj to Chhaye into nahi hai. So dont worry about it. Yeah. So see on
the basis of the conversation, I would like to recommend you one of
the most recent course, right? That is

[Sales Agent 06:45]
just just now

[Sales Agent 06:53]
yeah. The course that I would recommend you is our Advance certificate
Programming, Difficult Marketing and Communication and he course my
card K through our end mica basically Mudra Institute of Communication
hai Theek hai which is in Ahmedabad only

[Sales Agent 07:10]
yes. So we give vahan se AA raha hai. The best part is Ki ye Jo maika
institute hai. That is the Asias number one institute when it comes to

[Sales Agent 07:19]
digital marketing and jitane bhi aapke you know advertisements AAP
dekhiye jaise you know car sports ka advertisement ho Gaya aur ya
jivame ka Airtel ka wo saare advertisement hote Hain wo micro
institute ke hi students karte Hain.

[Customer 07:37]
Theek Hain.

[Sales Agent 07:38]
Second, and the most important link is course Mein. You are going to
learn approximately the number of tools that are going to be your 9

[Sales Agent 07:47]
tools you are going to learn into this particular course.

[Sales Agent 07:49]
So how exactly it is going to start? It is going to start from the
very basic, the traditional marketings and digital marketing Mein
kaise jaate ho theek hai then digital marketing ke kya channels hote
hai AAP customers ke baare Mein ye understand karte ho and after
working and learning each and every topic you are going to dump into
your case study. So her topic ko sikhne ke baad AAP Ek case study
karte ho leta aapne Ek case study Ki Ki kaise AAP kisi MNC company ko

[Sales Agent 08:19]
uski digital branding K strategy Mein help karte ho kaise bank ko
establish karvate ho.

[Customer 08:25]
Barabar.

[Sales Agent 08:26]
Correct. So this is how exactly you will be learning right? So from
the nature it is going to cover and it is going to cover till the end
level.

[Sales Agent 08:34]
So add the completion of the course you will get the proper
understanding about marketing and you know analytics and cases,
strategies, banate, Hain. Right. Apart from this key, how you are
going to work on search engine operation, disc advertisement to jaise
AAP Kaam karte ho, social media marketing, Kaise karte ho branding
Kaise karte ho. Everything you are going to learn in this particular
course. The best part of this course is pranam that this is one of the
oldest course running an industry for digital marketing.

[Customer 09:04]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:06]
Apart

[Sales Agent 09:07]
from this, after completion of this course you will also get a alumni
status from the university itself as you have done the school, right?
Yeah so far. Any any questions? Any concerns you have enough.

[Customer 09:19]
Is it online or offering?

[Sales Agent 09:21]
Online.

[Customer 09:22]
Online Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:26]
So while talking while talking about that particular thing I tell you
the course is going to be properly online where you will be getting
you know 5 modes of learning.

[Sales Agent 09:35]
So aapka first mode of learning hota hai live interactive session
which is done on weekends that is Saturday Sunday of the live session
hotel 3rd or second mode of learning hota hai. Aapka recorded hai Sir
sabke jitane bhi sessions hota hai wo saare record hote hai Hand
upload hote hai on your portal.

[Customer 09:53]
Itself theek hai?

[Sales Agent 09:55]
Yes, so lets check with Saturday. Sangram Nahi attend Kajol in Vasant
so you can attend it in the recorded mode as well. Okay.

[Customer 10:03]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 10:04]
Then your 3rd mode of learning is going to be a doubt clearing
session. So daily basis of K doubts clear karne ke liye sessions hota
hai. In case if you want Ki haan okay aapka koi aisa doubt hai Ki nahi
clear ho raha hai live touch Mein record recorded session Mein to uske
baad aapke Jo session hai. Woh aapke doubts hai woh Monday to Friday
doubts clearing session Mein clear ho jaate hai.

[Customer 10:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:29]
Then after 4th mode of learning then small group coaching where you
know you are put up in a team of Hon number. So it may be jaisa aapke
team members hota hai aaj se thus apun bhee tha discuss karke project
baat AB jis se kaam karte ho

[Sales Agent 10:45]
yeah and then hum to first mode of running which is your one on one
session professional akhte hai Ki okay you need more assistance from
the faculty member

[Sales Agent 10:54]
of the institute itself. So you can ask for one on one question with
any of the faculty number as well. So aapke one on one session Mein
kya hota hai woh aapko proper Ek ghante ke dedicated time dete hai
right? To clear your concerns and query,

[Sales Agent 11:11]
yes

[Sales Agent 11:14]
so this is how exactly upgrade modes are turning over there. So as Sir
koi bhi class attention hai na mandatory nahi hota hai. If you are
available, you can attend. If you are not,

[Sales Agent 11:25]
then you can watch them in the.

[Customer 11:26]
Recorded mode Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:32]
Yeah. Any any more question?

[Customer 11:35]
No,

[Customer 11:35]
no, it's Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:38]
You are telling the core duration is going to be your you know
approximately 7 months after course duration death. So isne kya hota
hai ismein na aapki do chijen hoti hai aapka Ek core course hota hai
theek hai just 7 months ka hota hai Sir aapko koi bhi Ek
specialization isase choose karni hoti hai. Justin lets say you want
to go for branding or you want to go for social media and content
marketing so you can choose aapke paas part specialization. Hoti hai
first is your branding and communication.

[Sales Agent 12:10]
Second is your marketing Analytics for social media and content
marketing, Sports marketing communication for the Crustism generative
a I. So aapko Jo bhi specialization apne ne suitable lagti hai. Out of
these 4 you can also go for the Pancho specialization bhi choose kar
sakte ho or other aapko lagta hai Ki abhi mujhe paanch sau ke liye
nahi jaana hai. You can go for one specialization RP.

[Sales Agent 12:35]
So initially aapko Ek specialization choose Karni hoti hai Theek hai

[Sales Agent 12:40]
theek hai yeah okay.

[Customer 12:45]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:47]
So kab se plan chale apna year link start karne ka plan hai.

[Customer 12:52]
Actually The Maine kya matlab matlab pichhale

[Customer 12:58]
from me AAP.

[Sales Agent 12:59]
Naming Jo plan Karen.

[Customer 13:01]
Actually kya hota hai AB BMRL ka business ka fix time hota hai toh ke
timing thoda bahut hi matlab difficult ho jata hai to main June July
se hota hai woh hamara July hota hai sun Jo

[Customer 13:13]
may June, July August ka fir wapas thoda starting hota hai.

[Sales Agent 13:17]
To wo fir thing is us time pe hamaare passes nahi hote.

[Customer 13:21]
Hai of.

[Sales Agent 13:23]
Course

[Sales Agent 13:23]
university se course AA raha hai toh fir wo university ka enrollment
ka time hota hai na aapko Pata hai admissions journey.

[Customer 13:29]
Nahi hota Hai, right?

[Customer 13:30]
Charcha okay okay.

[Sales Agent 13:32]
Yeah. So that is where the admissions are going on in January only

[Sales Agent 13:38]
theek hai. If you want to AAP apna learning for us as a delivery March
Mein start kar sakte ho right Aapko

[Sales Agent 13:45]
aapko usmein kya hoga Ek se do mahine ka kuchh aisa recorded slap
content de diya jyaada hai which you can Start learning learning.

[Customer 13:52]
But.

[Sales Agent 13:54]
Majorly Jo Utar who admission January Mein Hi Ho Sir

[Sales Agent 13:58]
we are having 3 seats left with us right and the batch is going to
start from January 34

[Sales Agent 14:06]
to Pranab Aisa nahin hai Ki aapko dedicated teen saal ghante rose K
revand Mein Agar AAP matlab.

[Customer 14:11]
Ek ghante ka bheja.

[Sales Agent 14:13]
Han

[Sales Agent 14:14]
you dont have to be there to woh Jo Ek cheese aapka pizza and I want
to focus on your business. You can focus on your business major

[Sales Agent 14:21]
majority Jo log ye course karte hai. They are from job background
right? Who side working professional hota hai? Ya toh koi job kar raha
hai. Ya fir koi apna business kar raha hai. But they all are doing
Kyonki completely flexible Hai.

[Customer 14:35]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:37]
Yeah.

[Customer 14:41]
So lekin Bola Ek baar mere ko AAP email pe SAB details koi based on Ek
baar wapas Mein kya proper address sign kar leta Hun for rent out
aapne matlab teen do din Mein wapas Hua hai matlab AAP contact karo
mere ko theek

[Customer 14:53]
hai na Jo bhi hai barish likhe final sakta Hoon uske maam.

[Sales Agent 14:57]
Aur Jo.

[Customer 14:58]
Koi AAP Jo fees bol rahe ho wo bhi AAP kar dena jab bhi hoga wo
details Sir

[Customer 15:04]
theek hai maam dekho.

[Sales Agent 15:05]
Rather than Ek kaam kar sakte hai na

[Sales Agent 15:09]
I can help you out in getting connected or like connect over a Google
meet session where I will walk you through with all the details Ki
kaise Ki shaft Ki jaise hoti hai

[Sales Agent 15:19]
aapko learning portal kitne tools sub theek hai because of course me
you are going to learn tools as well. For example after get response
hai GT matrix hai chargeivity hai Uber suggest hai right All the tools
SEO site checkup hai. So I will walk you through once again with the
cool because over the call I am not given in complete information to
you right

[Sales Agent 15:42]
So Ek baar poore Mein station pe Agar AAP half an hour ke liye connect
karenge. So I will be able to help you out with the whole you know all
details

[Sales Agent 15:49]
then after that you can take up a call I mean Sir if you are a discuss
kar sakte ho ya jaise bhi aapko decision nahi.

[Customer 15:56]
Hai Okay okay

[Customer 16:05]
around 2,

[Customer 16:08]
around 2 to 3 matlab 3 casual delivery time rakhna.

[Sales Agent 16:12]
Theek hai theek hai dhan galat main aapka calendar block kar dungi
2:00 PM ke liye connect

[Sales Agent 16:18]
and we will discuss further. Meanwhile, main AAPKO

[Sales Agent 16:22]
course or details bhej deti Hoon theek hai.

[Customer 16:24]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 16:26]
Madam, done. Done. Okay okay. Thank you so much Pranal. Have a great
day.
