[Customer 00:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello. Hi, good afternoon.

[Sales Agent 00:07]
Vaibhav Hai. I am giving you the call from Upgrad Education. Yeah,
yeah. Boliye, Madam. Yeah, after Sir, not within.

[Customer 00:16]
Courses, Sir.

[Sales Agent 00:21]
AAP kuchh kaun sa dekhate Hain pranab AAP grant.

[Customer 00:23]
Se lagta hai.

[Sales Agent 00:26]
Theek hai. Can you get an idea like what sort of portal exactly you
are looking for?

[Customer 00:31]
So digital marketing policy, digital marketing basis.

[Sales Agent 00:36]
Okay

[Sales Agent 00:36]
and pay AAP kya karte hai na?

[Customer 00:39]
Business here.

[Sales Agent 00:41]
Okay, so

[Sales Agent 00:44]
apart from that your seat service is Sir Pranav.

[Customer 00:48]
Textile Textile delivered to the clothing.

[Sales Agent 00:51]
Okay. And what you have done in your graduation?

[Customer 00:55]
Basically I am a mechanical engineer plus I have done the LBA in the
marketing.

[Sales Agent 01:03]
Okay, so that is the

[Sales Agent 01:05]
when you are planning to move into physical marketing, right?

[Sales Agent 01:10]
Okay, okay tell me so I mean could have this implementation or could
have a rate AAPKE plan set and how is that you are going to implement
it into your own system or?

[Customer 01:24]
Mujhe bhi nahi Pata woh kaise free website

[Customer 01:27]
exactly.

[Sales Agent 01:30]
For this coming to that thing mujhe thoda sa understanding rehti Ki
when you are talking about digital marketing ways to cash as a cheeje
AAP target kar rahe ho ya kya tools vagairah kitane ka plan karo kaise
aapko. Please assistance K implement karne ka plan.

[Customer 01:50]
Hai.

[Sales Agent 01:52]
Coding agency search engine aise kaam kar sakte ho AAP right?

[Customer 01:59]
Digital marketing ke liye toh SAB matlab use hote Hain ye jaise tools
wo SAB matlab editing editing jaisa fir apna company ke logon se apne
utsam Jo mere ko photos bahut dalni ho upload karna ho ye SAB hota hai
na Jo vahi

[Customer 02:18]
hai.

[Sales Agent 02:20]
Okay

[Sales Agent 02:22]
thik hai and who recommended you for the digital marketing Matlab kisi
na aapka recommend kiya Ki nahi.

[Customer 02:28]
Nahi aisa nahi ho dunga Facebook Mein dekhti rehta hai Sir office iske
liye

[Customer 02:35]
main Facebook se hi kiya raha Maine koi ad I hogi yahaan pe hi to
kuchh.

[Sales Agent 02:40]
Okay okay why I was asking Shia tell you prime 2 cheese hoti hai like
kitna time ho JA aapko business chalate hai apna

[Sales Agent 02:51]
Okay so matlab ye as such aapka family business or aapne continue.

[Customer 02:54]
Kiya hai

[Customer 02:57]
family ka samjho forward nahi hai thoda so following integration kiya
tha usmen.

[Sales Agent 03:04]
Okay so same AAP as a plan kar rahi Hoon kyon usako aapko online Lana
hai.

[Customer 03:09]
Website Vagairah.

[Sales Agent 03:10]
Ye SAB banane ka.

[Customer 03:11]
Plan kar lo.

[Sales Agent 03:14]
Thik hai theek hai. Thats a very nice person. I have to put up the
address.

[Customer 03:19]
My Surat.

[Sales Agent 03:21]
Okay, Surat actually half there for the textile thing, right?

[Sales Agent 03:27]
Surat is like Surat is do hi chijon ke liye Jana jata hai. Textile is
the main thing, right?

[Sales Agent 03:34]
Yes, yes, exactly. And both are the most important things that are
they.

[Sales Agent 03:40]
So see, I tell you kya hota hai pranav right when you talk about
digital marketing. So digital marketing bhi bahut sare

[Sales Agent 03:50]
you can say implementation right aur jab aapka khud ka business ho
raha hai toh usmen jyaada hai Ki AAP apne hi business ko you know AAP
usko definitely next not only to the digital platform but also just
you know search engine operation Ho Gaya Sir, you know ye saari cheese
hogi in SAB pe work karke you can link your brand. The first thing
jaise koi search karta hai for any of the texts or any of apparent. So
if you will be using digital marketing too to aapka Jo Brand name
mobile battery bhi to post recommendation

[Sales Agent 04:23]
to that particular person itself, okay, right. I mean, I hope this is
something that you are also planning to do, right?

[Sales Agent 04:33]
Okay, okay, great. And apart from this any any course you have gone
through.

[Customer 04:40]
No, actually more

[Customer 04:42]
okay.

[Sales Agent 04:45]
That is.

[Customer 04:46]
Abhi chalu Hua hai Madam, dont worry chalu Hua hai na.

[Sales Agent 04:51]
SMAM do saal se nahi Hain do saal se jyaada height hai okay aisa nahi
hai haan. Exactly Kyonki digital marketing

[Sales Agent 05:01]
ha ha correct pahale Ki haan Agar aapne marketing se MBA kiya toh us
time pe bhi thoda sa Ek specialization toh hai hi hogi digital
marketing ke liye

[Sales Agent 05:11]
kyonki meri meri brother ne bhi handle Mein kiya hai. Marketing Sir,
he did with poor specialization Ekunda marketing nyunta and fanarisa.
So marketing Mein he had

[Sales Agent 05:21]
our topic of digital marketing as.

[Customer 05:23]
Well, okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 05:26]
So thats it because see when when when you are talking about the
textile and the sabse badi benefit ye hota hai Ki aapko na digital
marketing se Ek idea mil jaati hai Ki aapke saath hi audience kiya hai
fir AAP us target audience ko understand karke accordingly apna
favorite kiya Jo bhi aapki customers hai unki reference K accordingly
AAP chijon pay kaam kar sakti Hoon

[Sales Agent 05:47]
hai aur usne Ek most important hota hai Ki AAP uska sabse vala
important hota hai Ki search interest hota hai jahaan AAP exactly AAP
usko use kar sakte ho Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, email in saare kya
kar rahe.

[Customer 06:01]
Hai aapne.

[Sales Agent 06:01]
Brand KO.

[Sales Agent 06:04]
Exactly, exactly, exactly

[Sales Agent 06:08]
correct. Toh koi budget bhi leke chal rahe ho AAP apne liye pranab
kosh karne ke liye something.

[Customer 06:15]
SAB kuchh badi baat socha nahi hai par wo matlab woh toh dekhna padega
detailing kya hai kaisa hai fir matlab renew matlab budget aisa koi
issues ka nahi hai. As such, per dekhiye bahut high end pay to fir
dekhna padega aise hai Madam

[Customer 06:30]
thik hai.

[Sales Agent 06:31]
At 5 * 9.

[Customer 06:33]
So.

[Sales Agent 06:34]
Dont worry about it. Yeah. So see on the basis of the conversation, I
would like to recommend you one of the more decent course like that is
just just now.

[Sales Agent 06:54]
The course that I would recommend you is our advance certificate
program in digital marketing and communication. And he told my card K
through RM Mica. Basically Mudra Institute of Communication. Okay,
which is in Ahmedabad only.

[Sales Agent 07:10]
Yes, so Jo vahan se AA raha hai. The best part is Ki ye Jo maika
institute hai. That is the Asias number one institute when it comes to
digital marketing

[Sales Agent 07:21]
and jitane bhi aapke you know advertisements AAP dekhiye jaise, you
know passport advertisement hoga aur ya jagame ka Tele ka wo saare
advertisements hote Hain wo micro institute ke liye students karte
Hain.

[Customer 07:37]
Second.

[Sales Agent 07:38]
And the most important link is course name. You are going to learn
approximately the number of tools that are going to be your 9

[Sales Agent 07:47]
tools you are going to learn into this particular course.

[Sales Agent 07:50]
So how exactly it is going to start? It is going to start from the
very basic the traditional marketings and digital marketing Mein kaise
jaate ho theek hai then digital marketing ke kya channels hote hai AAP
customers ke baare Mein ye understand karte ho. And after working and
learning each and every topic you are going to draft into your case
study. So high topic ko CPUD baat AAP Ek case study karte ho leta
aapne Ek case study Ki Ki kaise AAP kichadi MNC company ko

[Sales Agent 08:19]
uski digital branding ke strategy Mein help karte ho jaise U.S. bank
ko establish karvatein.

[Customer 08:25]
November.

[Sales Agent 08:26]
Correct. So this is how exactly you will be learning right. So from
the basic it is going to cover and its going to cover till the end
level.

[Sales Agent 08:34]
So at the completion of the course you will get the proper
understanding about marketing. You know analytics and cases strategies
banate Hain right. Apart from this how you are going to work on search
engine operation? Just advertisement to get your calm karte ho social
media marketing kaisa toh branding kaise hai toh

[Sales Agent 08:54]
everything you are going to learn in this particular code. The best
part about this course is you Pradhan that this is one of the oldest
course running an industry for digital marketing

[Sales Agent 09:05]
right? Apart from this, after completion of this course, you will also
get a alumni status from the university itself as you have done the
school.

[Customer 09:15]
Right. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 09:16]
So far any any questions, any concerns you have done?

[Customer 09:19]
Is it online or actually?

[Sales Agent 09:21]
Online.

[Customer 09:22]
Online, okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 09:26]
So

[Sales Agent 09:26]
while talking while talking about that particular thing I tell you the
course is going to be properly online where you will be getting you
know 5 modes of learning. So after first mode of learning hota hai,
life interactive session which is done on weekends that is Saturday,
Sunday of the live session hotel 3rd or second mode of learning order
aapka recorded hai Sir tab ke bichare bhi sessions hota hai, mukhave
record hota hai, hand upload hote hai on your portal itself.

[Customer 09:54]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:55]
Yes,

[Sales Agent 09:56]
so let's check with Saito Ji Sangram nahi attend Kar do teen bar Sir.
So you can address in the recorded mode also okay.

[Customer 10:02]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 10:04]
When your 3rd mode of learning is going to be a doubt clearing session
so daily basis Stephen doubts clear karne ke liye section ko hota hai.
In case if you want kiya okay aapka doubt hai Ki nahi clear ho rahe
hai. Like a senior record recorded session Mein so uske baad optical
questions hai woh aapke doubts hai. Woh Monday to Friday doubt sharing
session Mein clear ho jaata hai.

[Customer 10:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:29]
Then after 4th mode of learning over there small group coaching where
you know you are put up in a team of Hon number. So this may be jaisa
aapke team members hota aaj se bas AAP unake saath discount karke
project or subject se kaam karte ho

[Sales Agent 10:45]
Yeah. And then hum to such mode of learning which is your one on one
session so that you can you need more assistance on the faculty number

[Sales Agent 10:54]
of the institute itself.

[Sales Agent 10:56]
So you can ask the 111 question with any of the faculty member as
well. So after one on one session Mein kya hota hai woh aapko proper
Ek ghante ke dedicated time date hai right to clear your concerns and
queries.

[Customer 11:10]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:11]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 11:14]
So this is how exactly after modes of.

[Customer 11:17]
Turning over there.

[Sales Agent 11:19]
So as Sir Koi Bhi Jo has attend karna mandatory nahi hota hai. If you
are available, you can attend. If you are not, then you can watch them
in the recorded mode.

[Customer 11:28]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:32]
Yeah. Any any more question?

[Customer 11:35]
No, no, its okay.

[Sales Agent 11:38]
You are telling the school duration is going to be your, you know
approximately 7 months after course duration death. So isme kya hota
hai ismein na aapki do cheese hoti hai. Aapka is core course hota hai
fir 7 months ka hota hai. Sir aapko koi bhi Ek specialization achchhe
choose karni hoti hai jaise lets say you want to go for branding or
you want to go for social media and content marketing so you can
choose aapke paas art specialization hoti hai. First is your branding
and communication,

[Sales Agent 12:10]
second is the marketing analytics for social media and content
marketing, both marketing communication for the PR. So Sydney
generative area. So aku Jo bhi specialization apne Mein suitable lagti
hai. Out of these 4, you can also go for the partial specialization or
other aapko lagta hai Ki abhi mujhe pancho ke liye nahi karna hai. You
can go for one specialization RP. So initially Aapko Ek specialization
choose karni hoti hai.

[Customer 12:39]
Okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 12:40]
Okay, theek hai, yeah.

[Customer 12:41]
Theek hai. Okay,

[Customer 12:45]
okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 12:47]
Toh kab se plan kar rahe ho apna earnings start karne ka plan hai.

[Customer 12:52]
Make the name

[Customer 12:58]
from me

[Customer 13:01]
actually kya hota hai abhi Mr ka business ka fix time hota hai to kya
timing thoda bahut hi matlab decision ho jaata hai toh main June July
kya hota hai woh hamara thoda ise to drive hota hai aur tum Jo

[Customer 13:14]
may June July August ka sirf wapas thoda starting hota hai.

[Sales Agent 13:17]
Everything is us. Time pay hamare passes bhi honge

[Sales Agent 13:23]
of course university se course AA raha hai to fir wo university ka
enrollment ka time hota hai na aapko Pata hai.

[Customer 13:28]
Education benefit hi nahi hote hai right

[Customer 13:30]
achchha achchha. Okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 13:32]
Yeah. So that is where the admissions are going on in January only.

[Sales Agent 13:37]
Okay theek hai if you want to come up in a learning course, March Mein
sath kar sakte hai right aapko

[Sales Agent 13:45]
aapko usmein kya hoga Ek se do mahine ka kuchh aisa recorded web
containment bheja jyaada hai which you can Start learning learning but

[Sales Agent 13:54]
majorly do admission admission January Mein hi hota hai jaisa abhi. We
are having 3 seats left with us

[Sales Agent 14:02]
and the batch is going to start from January 34.

[Sales Agent 14:06]
To pranab aisa nahin hai Ki aapko dedicated teen char ghante rose ke
liye Agar AAP usame which bank ka?

[Customer 14:12]
Bhi de rahe ho.

[Sales Agent 14:14]
You dont have to give you to woh Jo Ek cheese aapka paper and you want
to focus on your business. You can focus on your business. Major

[Sales Agent 14:22]
majority Jo log ye course karte hai. They are from job background
right? Who side working professional hota hai ya to koi job kar rahe
hai ya fir koi apna business kar rahe hai but they all are doing
kyonki completely flexible hai.

[Customer 14:35]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:37]
Yeah.

[Customer 14:41]
ISS baar mere ko AAP email pe SAB details thodi bhej do Ek baar wapas
Mein kya Bara poora address sign kar leta Hun for rent on aapne matlab
teen do din Mein wapas Hua hai. Matlab AAP call back karo mere ko

[Customer 14:53]
theek hai Jo final karta Hoon theek hai maam

[Customer 14:58]
Jo fees bol rahe ho wo bhi AAP kar dena jab bhi hoga OTP.

[Sales Agent 15:05]
Rather than Ek kaam kar sakte hai apana

[Sales Agent 15:09]
I can help you out in getting connected or let's connect to what a
Google needs session where I will walk you through with all the
details. Ki kaise Ki sabase hoti hai aapko learning portal kitne tools
hafte because it scores me you are going to learn tools as well. For
example after get responsibility matches. Care to be d Uber suggest
hai right all the rules

[Sales Agent 15:33]
SUO side taker bank so I will walk you through once again with the
cold because over the call I am given in complete information to.

[Customer 15:40]
You guys, I.

[Sales Agent 15:41]
Know that so Ek baar photo Mein station pe Agar AAP half an hour ke
liye connect Karenge. So I will be able to help you out with the whole
you know all details. Then after that you can take up a call. I mean
Sir to clear AAP discuss kar sakte ho and yesterday aapko decision
nahi.

[Customer 15:56]
Hai okay okay

[Customer 15:58]
thik hai Sir Kal ka rakhte hai gussa tab GP AAP

[Customer 16:05]
around 2

[Customer 16:08]
around 2 to 3 matlab 3 casual yahi time rakhna hai.

[Sales Agent 16:13]
Main aapka calendar block kar dungi 2:00 PM ke liye

[Sales Agent 16:18]
we will connect and we will discuss further. Meanwhile, main aapko
course details bhej deti Hoon theek hai.

[Customer 16:24]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 16:26]
Madam Okay,

[Sales Agent 16:27]
done, done. Okay, okay. Thank you so much, Sunil. Have a great day.

[Customer 16:30]
Okay.
