[Sales Agent 00:01]
Just a second. Yeah, sure. So

[Sales Agent 00:06]
yeah, so before starting the call Sir, I will just give you a brief
about me as well. Right. So this is Shraddha here Sir. I am working as
a investment specialist at DESERVE. I have completed my post
graduation in Banking and Financial services. In terms of the work
experience, I have total 5 plus years of experience in the wealth
management industry. So previous to DESERVE I was working with ICICI
Securities where I used to manage more than 500 plus crores of AUR.

[Sales Agent 00:34]
So this is a bit about me Sir. We have also prepared a portfolio
review on the basis of the data which you have put on the wealth
monitor app. So before going to the review parts, Sir, would love to
know about you as well. Like from where are you, what you do, your
investment journey Sir.

[Customer 00:50]
I am a taxation consultant.

[Sales Agent 00:53]
OK.

[Customer 00:55]
And

[Customer 00:57]
the data which it is fetched from the app, I think it is a. It is a.
How you get that all the datas? First of all you need to check the
datas.

[Sales Agent 01:09]
OK so we only fetch your MF data Sir mutual funds. We dont have any
other financial data of yours so mutual fund data also we fetch from
the MF central so we have a tie up with the MF central. So when you
will login into the app it will ask for the connation some checkbox
you have to select and then you have to put the OTP that means giving
the consent to us by to fetch the data. Once you will give that
consent to us, we will just patch your data from MF Center and

[Sales Agent 01:39]
on that data we will just make a review of your portal.

[Customer 01:43]
OK. The most important matter is that all the funds are there is
included in the portfolio or not. This is what my concerns are.

[Sales Agent 01:51]
That you can also crosscheck Sir, according to us because Ms Central
is a merger of Cafe intake and camps right? So all the data will be
showed there. We dont receive any kinds of queries like this Ki data
is mismatched. But again Sir, while I will share my screen to present
your portfolio, you can just have a look on that part.

[Customer 02:09]
But how I will be able to cross verify because I dont have which datas
are there in which poolios are included in this.

[Customer 02:17]
I I I received your meal of this portfolio review.

[Customer 02:23]
I am unable to check which are the full numbers are there in this
which you have included.

[Sales Agent 02:27]
You can check on the total value Sir matlab you have your portfolio
with you. You can check whats the portfolio value of your portfolio
and what we are showing.

[Customer 02:35]
So according to valuation, I guess it is somewhat is missing. This is
what I feel. No problem, we can go further then I will ask my
questions.

[Sales Agent 02:45]
Sure, sure. No issue, Sir. OK. OK. So just wanted to know about your
investment journey as well, Sir. You do your investments by your own
or you will take someone's service.

[Customer 02:54]
Most of the investments are on direct mode only

[Customer 02:56]
and predominantly one or 2 schemes is 8090% of allocation.

[Sales Agent 03:02]
OK, OK, this.

[Customer 03:03]
Is the basic one.

[Sales Agent 03:05]
Yeah, got it, got it. So whatever the funds you have selected, thats
totally by your own.

[Sales Agent 03:11]
Got it? Got it. But you know, Sir, and which city you are based out
of?

[Customer 03:15]
Surat.

[Sales Agent 03:16]
Surat, Gujarat. OK, great. So great. So I will just share my screen to
present your portfolio.

[Sales Agent 03:24]
And while sharing the screens Sir, I will just give you a brief about
the company as well like what Deserve is right. Deserve was founded in
2021 by 3 of the founders Sandeep Jethwani, Sail contractor in Vedo
Korwal right. These people have more than 20 plus years of experience
in the wealth management industry.

[Sales Agent 03:43]
They were also founding team of IIFL wealth back in 2008. So they saw
the Journal of IIFL from 2008 till the IPO in 2019, right. So they saw
all ups and downs of that company in terms of managing a UM. So they
have the experience of managing more than 50,000 plus crores of AUR
and as a reserve also. Currently we are managing 5000 plus crore for
failure and also as we are a startup we also backed up by Talk World
species like SL Matrix, Partner, Elevation Capital

[Sales Agent 04:15]
and so on. Currently we are operating from 4 major cities which is
Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore. So this is a bit about
company. Sir, any specific question towards the company?

[Customer 04:27]
No, no size of now.

[Sales Agent 04:29]
OK, OK, great Sir. Then I will just come to the review part. Hope my
screen is visible to you.

[Customer 04:37]
Yes, it is visible.

[Sales Agent 04:39]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 04:44]
Yeah. So this is the portfolio overview of your MF portfolio where see
that the investment amount which you have is around 1.14 crore. The
current portfolio value is around 1.90 crore. Right now what we have
done here is we have just taken your portfolio IRR and we have
compared that portfolio IRR with the potential IRR. Like now what is
the potential IRR we have taken here, so up as we are doing the review
on the portfolios on a daily basis,

[Sales Agent 05:16]
right. So we just want to know one thing that there is no good or bad
IRR people have.

[Sales Agent 05:24]
Sorry, Sir.

[Customer 05:25]
I cant hear you properly. The voice was cut. What do you say?

[Sales Agent 05:30]
I am saying Sir, we just compared your portfolio IRR with the
potential IRR. Hope you cleared with the IRR concept.

[Customer 05:38]
What is the potential IR?

[Sales Agent 05:40]
R, yeah, yeah, I am coming to that part. So potential IRR we have
taken here is we have just taken your existing portfolio benchmark and
we have added 3% on that. And from there only we have come up with
potential error.

[Sales Agent 05:55]
Now the question is why we have done this, right, why we just taken a
potential IRR to compare your portfolio IRR. So the reason behind that
is as we are doing the reviews on a daily basis of the portfolios,
right. So we got to know that there is no good or bad IRR. People have
their own perception towards the returns. Someone will be happy with
15% as well, someone is not happy with 20% as well, right. So that is
the reason we just taken the benchmark IRR. Benchmark IRR is nothing
but the market return, the respective benchmark returns,

[Sales Agent 06:29]
right? So the normal expectations from the client point of view is
key. At least they will get 3 to 4% more than the benchmark because
they are investing into the actively management funds.

[Customer 06:40]
Right to.

[Sales Agent 06:41]
Isilie Hamane Yahaan PE just Aapka portfolio ka IRR Liya and we just
compared with the protection IRR. So we can see here that the
potential IRR of your portfolio is 19.34% and your portfolio is IRR is
18.35%.

[Sales Agent 06:57]
So I can see here that the potential is still there in your portfolio
to outperform the market by more so urgent as well. Your portfolio is
outperforming the market, but they spoke the opportunity is more like

[Sales Agent 07:11]
I I hope Sir, I am clear on this part.

[Customer 07:13]
It is not outperforming them. It is below. By below the benchmark, my
returns are.

[Sales Agent 07:18]
No, no. Your portfolio returns are over the benchmark. So as you can
see here we have returned the benchmark return as well.

[Sales Agent 07:25]
The 16.34% is the benchmark letter.

[Customer 07:29]
OK, OK.

[Sales Agent 07:30]
And we have added 3% on that just to come the potential return.

[Customer 07:35]
OK, right.

[Sales Agent 07:36]
Yeah. Then apart from this, we also did the portfolio allocation. So
portfolio allocation is nothing but the equity fixed income there, how
much allocation you have right in the equity portion you have almost
91% of the portfolio and fixed income around you have 88.4% of the
portfolio.

[Sales Agent 07:55]
So just wanted to check Sir here that this is the portfolio you hold
in the debt market or you have any other portfolio as well?

[Customer 08:02]
Let's consider this is this much only right now, OK?

[Sales Agent 08:07]
OK, got it, got it. So what's the objective of having this fixed
income portfolio, Sir? Just waiting for the opportunity or for the
investment purpose only?

[Customer 08:16]
To have diversification of an asset location or if any emergency comes
then I don't want to withdraw from the equity.

[Sales Agent 08:25]
OK, got it, got it. Great, great. Sir, in that situation its a good
decision to have a little bit liquid cash into the mutual fund
segment,

[Sales Agent 08:34]
right? Then apart from this, we also did the portfolio concentration
for your portfolio. So the portfolio concentration again we divided
into 2 level, the funds level basis and on the AMC level basis. So LC
is nothing but your fund houses. Right now we can see the current
funds which you are holding is around 25 and what we are recommending
is we just say our clients to have a 7 to 10 funds of the portfolio.

[Sales Agent 09:02]
You can say here that your portfolio is little over diversified now.

[Customer 09:06]
OK.

[Sales Agent 09:06]
Over diversified in the funds level but as you said in the starting
only that your most of the allocation in the one fund only. So I can
see that that Parag Parekh have almost 80% of the allocation that's
that's huge. MATLAB, we generally don't advise this kind of allocation
towards one fund because in this the concentration risk will be there.
If something happens to that particular fund or particular AMC,

[Sales Agent 09:33]
then your portfolio will be impacted because of that.

[Customer 09:36]
So.

[Sales Agent 09:37]
Definitely Sir. Here we will advise you the rebalancing in the
portfolio and just do a proper allocation with the respective funds.

[Sales Agent 09:47]
Abhi you have 25 funds but uska koi matlab nahi hai because aapka Ek
hi fund Mein assi percent hai right? And this other 20 funds have
almost 7% which is not even 0.5% each.

[Customer 09:58]
OK.

[Sales Agent 09:59]
So definitely you can look for the rebalancing in this segment.

[Sales Agent 10:03]
The same goes with the a MC as well. We just recommend 5 to 7:00 AM C
instead of 9.

[Sales Agent 10:10]
Then this is the kind of portfolio cost which which we which we which
you have for your portfolio. So I hope you know the difference between
the direct funds and the regular funds, right. That's why I think you
are moving your funds from regular to direct.

[Customer 10:25]
In generalised, predominantly. Previously I was investing in the
regular funds. Only one time I came to know the direct

[Customer 10:32]
investment will save some cost. So I am downloaded my fund to the
Direct fund.

[Sales Agent 10:39]
Got it, got it. Yes, yes, as you as you correctly mentioned Sir, there
will be a difference on the expense ratios. So there will be a
difference of around 11.2% As a deserve. We also advise our clients to
have a direct fund portfolio only. We also don't recommend the regular
funds,

[Sales Agent 10:56]
so it's a good decision that you have already taken. Then

[Sales Agent 11:00]
we just divided their equity and debt on a different analysis. So this
is a detailed analysis of your equity portfolio,

[Sales Agent 11:08]
right. So on the equality particularly the total amount which you have
invested is around 1.0, ₹1,00,00,000. The current value of that
portfolio is around 1.74 crore, right? Here again, Sir, we did the
same thing which we have discussed in the first slide. We just did the
comparison between your portfolio error with the potential IRR. So
again, we'll say this, the portfolio has more opportunity to grow.

[Customer 11:33]
Right.

[Sales Agent 11:34]
Apart from this, we also did the market cap allocation in your
portfolio

[Sales Agent 11:38]
in terms of the 3 major categories, which is large, mid and small

[Sales Agent 11:44]
up here, how we have come up with this percentages. So we have just
taken your existing portfolio and their underlying assets and on the
basis of that underlying assets, we have just come up with this
percentages. So you can see that large cap has almost 80% and middle
small together is 20%.

[Sales Agent 12:02]
So just wanted to ask as well, Sir, this is the allocation which you
planned or it just happened while investing?

[Customer 12:08]
It is just happened.

[Sales Agent 12:10]
Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it. So as a deserve Sir, what we
believe is this allocation should not be same on every year, right. It
should be changed according to the market scenarios. So Jaise Aapka
market will not be same for every time. Sometimes your large cap will
perform better, sometimes your middle cap will perform.

[Customer 12:29]
Better at this?

[Sales Agent 12:30]
Bhi Agar main live example Lu market KA. So before November your
market was bullish on the mid and small cap category. Mid and Small
has given almost 4050% kind of returns before October, November,
right.

[Sales Agent 12:44]
But afterwards our investment team for I deserve Sir. We also have a
investment team who are doing the research in the market and they will
also predict the things about the market, right. So they also
predicted that Mid and Small Cap will see a correction in near future.

[Customer 13:01]
With.

[Sales Agent 13:01]
If you notice that has already been started, the reason is simple
because of their high valuation. But in small cap is costly at present
right? So that is the reason. At present we dont recommend higher
allocation towards the mid and small but more

[Sales Agent 13:17]
allocation towards the large

[Sales Agent 13:19]
to aapka allocation already large Mein kaafi hai. But still Sir you
can little bit you can increase towards the mid and small for a proper
classification.

[Customer 13:29]
Right. So should I add to the mid and small?

[Sales Agent 13:32]
Sorry.

[Customer 13:34]
You are recommending to add in the midden small.

[Sales Agent 13:36]
Yes, Sir, little bit because for the alpha generation we need some
kind of allocation towards that as well.

[Customer 13:42]
So at.

[Sales Agent 13:42]
Present.

[Sales Agent 13:45]
Sorry, Sir.

[Customer 13:46]
At the valuations are high as you said

[Customer 13:50]
in middle small cap, then also we need to allocate some funds from mid
and small cap.

[Sales Agent 13:55]
Yes, yes,

[Sales Agent 13:55]
yes. Because what happens Sir, it's not about one factor. We also see
the diversification also and we also have to see on the returns
perspective as well. So at present Deserve is just advising 6570%
towards the large cap and rest 25 to 30% towards the small and mid
cap.

[Sales Agent 14:13]
So Bharatiya portfolio may be made in small thoda come jyada hi Kam
hai 20% year. So you can increase that allocation for 5 to 10% more at
present, may be in future the allocation which we are recommending is
different from now,

[Sales Agent 14:28]
right. So this is the allocation point of view. And what about the
rebalancing, Sir, you do rebalancing in your portfolios?

[Customer 14:35]
I don't do.

[Sales Agent 14:37]
You dont do OK and any specific reason to have this higher allocation
towards one fund specifically 87% in the Perakkar flexi gap?

[Customer 14:48]
I I thought that fund is doing well, Fund house is doing well, having
concentrated BAT on this fund. So they must do well and the process is
convinced me to invest into this.

[Sales Agent 15:01]
OK, OK. Got it. Got it, got it.

[Sales Agent 15:05]
So afterwards Sir, we also did the individual fund recommendations on
your MF portfolio.

[Sales Agent 15:12]
Just wanted to check one thing, whatever the funds you have selected
here thats based on what kind of parameters

[Sales Agent 15:20]
have you matlab before selecting the funds, what all factors you will
see in the market.

[Customer 15:25]
No. As such there is no other special

[Customer 15:29]
special kind of reasons are not there because I thought that is a good
funds Sir, we can invest.

[Sales Agent 15:37]
So I will just tell you Sir Ki how we are giving the recommendations
to you either to hold or either to exit right. So as I told you Sir we
have a investment email deserve right. They are doing their in and out
research in the market and they are just doing the outperformance
estimation for future on each and every mutual funds.

[Sales Agent 15:59]
A big market Mein kya ho raha hai that most of the people are
investing on the basis of the past performances.

[Sales Agent 16:05]
So we can just invest, it will give in good in the future as well
right? Thats

[Sales Agent 16:13]
market investing style. At present most of the people are investing on
the basis of that, right? Actually thats not a right way because there
is a technical term R Square which shows the probability of getting
the same return.

[Sales Agent 16:27]
So past versus future performance, Ka R Square is just 3% means if we
are seeing the past performance and we are investing into the market

[Sales Agent 16:35]
ability of getting the same return is just 3%, which is kind of
negligible number,

[Sales Agent 16:41]
right. That is the why that is the reason we are not recommending you
anything on the basis of past that you can also check on the
individual level we are recommending on the basis of the future
outlook of the market and future outlook is that particular fund as
well, right. So what are the recommendations you can see here that So
Parag Parekh is one of the good funds, Sir. We also advise to have a
paragraph fund in the portfolio,

[Sales Agent 17:10]
but definitely Sir, this kind of allocation we will not advise in the
one particular fund. So the same recommendations I have written as
well, you can see that you can hold on this point, but definitely you
can do the rebalancing because of the higher allocation towards one 5

[Sales Agent 17:26]
when your HDFC, Flexicap future outlook is good, you can hold on that.
Funny then I saw Sir that you have a couple of large cap fund in your
portfolio.

[Sales Agent 17:36]
So particularly to the large category, we generally dont advise our
clients to have a large cap actively managed funds.

[Sales Agent 17:44]
There is a report also and it has proven by our investment team as
well that 88% of the actively large cap fund will not perform in the
market.

[Sales Agent 17:55]
So AB kya hota hai hum log actively management funds, Mein invest kar
rahe Hain for for the out performance. Any of that outperformance is
not coming from the actively management funds that it then its better
to invest into the index maam which is facility managed right. So for
the specifically large cap category, we generally advise our clients
to have a index part and within a small amount definitely actively
management funds like the same recommendations I have written that on
the large cap we have a exit recommendations.

[Customer 18:25]
You.

[Sales Agent 18:26]
Can look for the rebalancing in this as well and simultaneously Sir, I
have given my recommendations on the portfolio. Anyway, I have shared
this date with you. You can have a look and if you will come up with
any kind of doubt towards the particular fund, we can connect again
sometime.

[Customer 18:42]
OK.

[Sales Agent 18:43]
Right then this is the fixed income portfolio of yours. So as you told
me Sir, this is just for the liquidity purpose, so I will not touch
this part. Matlab you can keep that. If if it would have been

[Sales Agent 18:56]
for the purpose of the investments, then then I would have told
something to.

[Customer 19:00]
You

[Customer 19:01]
but we can invest insurance because it since long I am holding this

[Customer 19:06]
and I have not. It is not required to keep this funds with it. So we
can invest this funds as.

[Sales Agent 19:13]
Well, OK. OK, got it. So what are advice towards the debt portfolio
and the mutual funds? We generally don't advise the debt mutual funds.
We instead of that mutual funds, we generally advise our clients to
have a corporate bonds portfolio in the debt segment.

[Sales Agent 19:29]
Reason behind that is Sir, the first of all the yield returns right.
The second reason is the taxation part as well right aapka visit 2023
ke baad se to Jo bhi aapka taxation change Hua hai uske basis pay. You
have to pay the taxes as per your income slab

[Sales Agent 19:49]
right? So which time, Assuming your flight is 30%, then definitely you
will be paying a higher taxation on the debt, mutual funds and if it
is a corporate loan, so the taxation will be both equity plus debt
right?

[Sales Agent 20:02]
Where you can save some kind of taxes and the yield which you will get
in the corporate bonds is much better than the kind of debt mutual
funds. So Abhi dekhenge to overall portfolio KA Aapka yield 7.3%

[Sales Agent 20:16]
and and if you see the corporate bonds yield its around 11%. So there
is huge gap almost 3 and half to 4% KA gap is there, right. So

[Sales Agent 20:25]
that gap at least will serve your tax purpose and you will get the
inflation bidding return after the taxes as well which will not gonna
happen in the decode for you. So if you wanted a asset allocation or
the diversification in the equity and debt segment, so equity in
mutual fund is the best instrument to invest. But in the debt portion,
definitely we advise you to have a corporate bond portfolio instead of
the debt mutual funds

[Sales Agent 20:51]
right that is, that is a major or advice on our.

[Customer 20:54]
So we do could we keep into corporate bond funds?

[Sales Agent 20:58]
Yes.

[Customer 20:59]
OK, right.

[Sales Agent 21:01]
So any questions?

[Customer 21:02]
Or no?

[Sales Agent 21:05]
OK. OK. So this is about your portfolio, Sir.

[Sales Agent 21:09]
Now what is my recommendations on your portfolio? So I can see that
Sir, you are not doing the rebalancing and all the investments of
yours, almost 90% of the investments of yours in the one port for you.

[Sales Agent 21:22]
So I believe that you are not getting a proper time to look into the
portfolio and to allocate the funds in a different kind of

[Sales Agent 21:30]
right. So as a deserve Sir, we are also managing the portfolio on
behalf.

[Customer 21:35]
Of the client, right?

[Sales Agent 21:37]
So I can advise you that you can also give your portfolio to deserve
for the management purpose.

[Customer 21:44]
OK.

[Sales Agent 21:45]
Yes, that will help your portfolio to generate the alpha as well as
your portfolio will be managed by the professionals.

[Customer 21:52]
OK.

[Sales Agent 21:53]
Definitely if the portfolio will be managed by the professionals, the
alpha is more better than as a individual, right? So as an individual,
I am not going to manage your portfolio, I am just into the engagement
team.

[Customer 22:07]
But.

[Sales Agent 22:08]
Your portfolio will be managed by the investment team of experts,
right? So this is our team

[Sales Agent 22:14]
who is going to manage the portfolio of yours,

[Sales Agent 22:17]
right. So all people have their own experience, 1520 plus years of
experience in the relevant field and all have the ground

[Sales Agent 22:25]
background in the education as well,

[Sales Agent 22:28]
right? So this is the team who are going to manage the portfolio of
yours

[Sales Agent 22:33]
and if I knew the returns as well that what's the returns which we
have provided in the past. So this is the kind of data which we which
is there for the returns perspective. So you can see as we did all the
portfolio comparison with the benchmark, right. So on our portfolio as
well, we just wanted to show you the comparison with the benchmark.
You can see the BSc 500 which we have taken as a benchmark

[Sales Agent 23:00]
are this is the returns which you can see the 20% is provided by the
benchmark. On the other hand, our portfolio which is ERS equity
revival strategy, that portfolio has given almost 26.74% return. It
means we have outperformed the market by almost 6 and half to 7% which
is the major objective of us, right Just to give the outperformance to
our clients. We are not gonna promise any numbers. We will just give
you the 15% or 20% or 25%

[Sales Agent 23:32]
reveal. Not gonna do that because our objective is clear that we just
need to outperform the market by minimum 3 to 5% in a longer run.

[Customer 23:41]
OK.

[Sales Agent 23:42]
Right. So thats thats about our performance as well Sir, if you have
any specific query on the portfolio or our offerings.

[Customer 23:49]
So which funds you are recommending to invest in? How? What will the
process and what is the? Is there any charges?

[Customer 23:56]
How to manage?

[Sales Agent 23:57]
Yeah. So we manage the portfolio through the PMS structure, so
portfolio management services. So have you heard about the PMS
services any day?

[Customer 24:06]
I know.

[Sales Agent 24:07]
Got it, got it. So as you know, Sir, PMS will be managed under the
discretionary manner, right. So it's like Aapka Poora portfolio will
be managed by the team. The decision maker will be the team Aapka
individual Demat account open Hoga custodian ke Saath. So in the case
of reserve, we have a 2 custodian, Nuwama and ICICI Bank,

[Sales Agent 24:29]
right. So if we will go online, then Nuvama will be the custodian.
Offline mode of the ICICI Bank will be the custodian. So Aapka
individual account will be opened with the name in your name only with
the ICICI or Nuwama. Then in that account you just have to transfer
the funds and the team will be managing the portfolio of yours, the
fund selection, what fund need to be kept in the portfolio that will
be decided by them only, not by me, not by you as well,

[Sales Agent 24:56]
right. And obviously Sir its a PMS structure, so there is a fees
involved here. So I just check you through the fees as well.

[Sales Agent 25:05]
Yeah, so this is the fee structure which we have. So as you know about
the PMS structure, so I am sure that you heard about the fees as well.
There is a 2 type of fees are involved in the PMBS, The one is the
fixed fee, the another one is the performance fee. So who deserves
her? We believe it should be a proper aligned with customer interest.
So that's the reason we don't charge the fixed fee nor onboarding
fees, right. We only deal into the performance fee,

[Sales Agent 25:33]
which is whatever the performance we will be able to give you, we will
just take a 10% profit share of it, right. So with the high watermark
as well. So to just give you the example, if we have started with a
₹50,00,000 and that 50,00,000 will become 55,00,000 in the first
quarter, right. So whatever the 5,00,000 performance is there. So we
will just take a 10% of it, right. So 50,000 will be our fees. Then in
the next quarter market has not supported

[Sales Agent 26:02]
and that 55 will become 52.

[Sales Agent 26:05]
There will be no face because there is no performance on the
portfolio. Then in the 3rd quarter that 52 will become 60,

[Sales Agent 26:13]
there will be a 8,00,000 profit. But we will only take a fees on the
₹5,00,000 which is 55 to 60 because till 55 we have already taken

[Sales Agent 26:23]
that 60 will become a high watermark. So with this concept there will
be no double dipping in the profit sharing. Ek bar jis performance pe
hamane fees charge kar le us pe hum aapse double fees nahi lenge kabhi
bhi

[Sales Agent 26:35]
iska matlab unko Agar aapse fees Lenny hai. Toh, we have to give you
the returns, better returns on a quarterly basis.

[Sales Agent 26:46]
So this is the fee structure which we have.

[Sales Agent 26:50]
So we believe Sir the model, the fee structure its totally aligned
with your interest as well. So you can just have a look on the details
and if you have any queries feel free to reach me.

[Sales Agent 27:06]
Right Sir. So for now, Sir, any other questions?

[Customer 27:10]
Is there any other option of this PMPMS? Because PMS request, I guess
the minimum amount is there, no?

[Sales Agent 27:16]
Yeah, yeah. So PMS is requiring the ₹50,00,000 Sir as per Sebi
regulation.

[Sales Agent 27:22]
This will not change on the company basis. This is just a Sebi
regulation. Every company has to follow this rule.

[Customer 27:28]
So is there any other option than TMS to invest with you to give you?

[Sales Agent 27:34]
No Sir, we only have the PMS structure. Apart from that we have a a IF
alternative investment plan. That is the kind of different thing
Matlab. There also the minimum ticket size is 1,00,00,000 and the
25,00,000.

[Customer 27:48]
OK.

[Customer 27:51]
And which are the schemes you are recommending? I would like to know
that as well.

[Sales Agent 27:56]
I am so sorry Sir. At this point of time, I will not be able to share
the funds with you.

[Customer 28:02]
Because you need to rebalance and reduce the funds in the highly
concentrated funds and which funds we will invest into it and I dont
want to pack the all amount in single go.

[Sales Agent 28:15]
Redemption.

[Customer 28:16]
Transactions since I invested

[Customer 28:20]
to avoid the capital gains as well.

[Sales Agent 28:22]
OK. So yeah, we build a portfolio of 7 to 10 funds, Sir, as we are
recommending as well. So our portfolio is properly diversified in the
in between of 7 to 10 months,

[Sales Agent 28:35]
right. So its not like that we will just put the whole money into the
one or 2 funds. It will be properly diversified in a 7 to 10 funds and
I can take you through the structure,

[Sales Agent 28:47]
I can share you the allocation with you that

[Sales Agent 28:51]
what allocations we are investing at present.

[Sales Agent 29:01]
Yeah. So this is the kind of allocations which we have.

[Sales Agent 29:11]
Yeah. So you can see this, we have currently this allocation on the
large cap. We just kept 25% of the allocation and simultaneously
focused my 20% Contra 17, flexi 50, mid cap 12, smallest 10. So
altogether is 100% and it will be well diversified in the portfolio
because while selecting the funds we also did the overlapping analysis
as well.

[Sales Agent 29:39]
Jaise Yahaan PE, you can see that we also do the overlapping analysis
because each of the mutual fund will held around 5050 to 70 stocks,

[Sales Agent 29:47]
the underlying asset basis, right? So we just try to avoid the
overlapping of the stocks.

[Sales Agent 29:54]
We also do that calculation as well. Ki kahaan pe humko kitna rakhna
hai. And apart from this calculation, we do the central analysis as
well. Ki hamara Jo investments hai. Woh cyclical Mein kitna hai,
defensive Mein kitna hai. Kaun se sector Mein kitna hai. Ye poora
track bhi hamari team rakhti hai.

[Customer 30:12]
Achchha.

[Sales Agent 30:14]
Right, Sir.

[Customer 30:16]
Thik hai.

[Sales Agent 30:20]
So any any other question Sir?

[Customer 30:22]
No, no such as of now there is no questions.

[Sales Agent 30:26]
So what I can do Sir, I will share you all these details whatever we
have discussed I will anyway Dekha have already been shared you the
other details what we are offering that also I will share it with you
over the mail. Just have a look and if you will come up with any other
query we can we can again connect maybe according to your time
availability

[Sales Agent 30:46]
sure next week sometime.

[Customer 30:49]
OK.

[Sales Agent 30:50]
Right. Then we can discuss.

[Customer 30:51]
And is your app is along this to view our investments?

[Sales Agent 30:57]
Yes Sir. The wealth monitor app which from where you have booked the
call right

[Sales Agent 31:02]
in that.

[Customer 31:03]
Because in the deserve app, when I logged into it, it is not showing
any valuations of mine.

[Customer 31:10]
It is just starting my review only. It comes from the starting my
review only.

[Sales Agent 31:15]
Yeah, yeah. So we have only the review app, Sir. You cannot see the
profit and loss in the app.

[Sales Agent 31:21]
The values you cannot see its just for the review. Matlab the app is
only for the review purpose.

[Customer 31:28]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 31:29]
Okay. Right, right. Okay. So sorry. Yeah, yeah. You were saying
something.

[Customer 31:35]
No, no, you tell me, Nanukul.

[Sales Agent 31:37]
No, no, I'm not saying anything, Sir, please.

[Customer 31:40]
OK, So what I was asking you to give this in the email, kindly share
this our recorded meeting as well to

[Customer 31:49]
to have it to get to get it review again. I will go through the
meetings and for the recommendations. You are what you are telling
that selling only this that fund or or equity allocation also you want
to reallocate.

[Sales Agent 32:02]
Equity also Sir I have include.

[Customer 32:04]
Include include everything your what you are saying

[Customer 32:07]
any if possible. I would like to know the streams as well to have a
study of the past year not the current year. You can share me the last
years data you must have rebalancing, what is the frequency of your
rebalancing? What are the criteria for your rebalancing and what will
be the taxation matters into that. I would like to know that because I
am quite conscious about the taxations.

[Sales Agent 32:32]
Sure Sir. What I will do if you wanna MATLAB whatever the rebalancing
we are suggesting, you know I can do a tax calculation also for you on
that

[Sales Agent 32:42]
part. If you wanted me to do so, I can definitely.

[Customer 32:47]
Include that in the what are the attachments you are sending me across
email for this summary of this meeting as well And the with this
recording of the meeting kindly share me what I am asking. Last year
you must be rebalanced the portfolio of the last year.

[Sales Agent 33:02]
Yeah, yeah, I totally understand your point. I will, you said.

[Customer 33:06]
You started a few years ago na so how many years it has been?

[Sales Agent 33:11]
It's one year only, Sir. One and half year.

[Customer 33:13]
One and a half year. OK, so you can send me the initial schemes and
the current schemes. If it is so, I will be able to know what are the
criteria of your rebalancing. I would like to study because I I am not
keen to rebalance the portfolio every now and then. So just to
convince myself,

[Customer 33:33]
I would like to have this data before taking any decisions.

[Sales Agent 33:37]
Got it, got it. Sure, Sir. Sure. I'll share you that thing.

[Customer 33:39]
So share me the previous datas and if possible the current funds as
well and the reasons for the same I've studied and if I require any
detail I will let you know.

[Sales Agent 33:50]
Sure, sure, Definitely. Sir, I will share you all the details and I'll
just give a message to you as well after sending all the details. And

[Sales Agent 33:59]
if you are okay Sir, can I book a call on the next week anytime
according to your availability?

[Customer 34:04]
Sir send me the all the datas which you spoke right now studied

[Customer 34:10]
and will will let you know when we do we will back again.

[Sales Agent 34:14]
Done, done. Theek hai Sir, I will share you all the details. Thank
you.

[Customer 34:16]
Ye meeting ka recording bhi saath Mein attach kar dijiyega.

[Sales Agent 34:19]
Sure Sir. I theek hai Sir.

[Customer 34:22]
Okay. Thank you.

[Sales Agent 34:23]
Thank you, Sir. Bye Sir.
