[Customer 00:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello, am I speaking to Yamini?

[Customer 00:04]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Yamini Kitane Pawan Bhargav, I am calling you from upgrade station.

[Sales Agent 00:12]
This call is recording the machine learning courses that you are
enquiring online. So if you say right scientist, speak with the
rewards process.

[Customer 00:21]
Yeah, but I want to add my husband also in this call. Can I add a
constant call?

[Sales Agent 00:27]
You can do that.

[Customer 00:29]
Okay.

[Customer 00:29]
Thank you.

[Sales Agent 00:35]
The person you are speaking with has put your call on hold. Please
stay on the line.

[Sales Agent 00:42]
New Martin ID Kiruva.

[Customer 00:43]
Vyaktiyon Neema Karen Ye.

[Sales Agent 00:45]
Loophole. Nalli kisi dare naliye.

[Customer 00:49]
Giriye AAP jis?

[Sales Agent 00:51]
Vyakti se baat kar rahe Hain usmein aapki call ko hold par rakha hai.
Kripya line par Bane rahen the person you are sick.

[Customer 01:00]
Hello.

[Customer 01:03]
Hello.

[Customer 01:05]
He is busy. I will only talk.

[Sales Agent 01:08]
Okay

[Sales Agent 01:09]
okay. You talk about in English or Telugu.

[Customer 01:12]
Both of them.

[Sales Agent 01:14]
Right Okay. So this is the purpose of this policy, you know. Just
wanted to understand your profile and most importantly the requirement
that you are having. So based on your profile and your requirement, I
can help you with the better understanding about the courses,

[Sales Agent 01:31]
yeah.

[Customer 01:31]
So actually right now I am 32 years old. I have done my graduation and
masters in aeronautical area.

[Sales Agent 01:40]
Okay.

[Customer 01:41]
And

[Customer 01:42]
later I want the consistent processor for 5 years.

[Customer 01:46]
So I am now I am thinking to switch my software. I dont know to
continue on teaching and right now job market is good in data science.
So I am thinking to do a PG course in this Sir.

[Sales Agent 01:59]
Okay got it.

[Customer 02:01]
What are my chances to coming to software side? Like will I get a
proper job like I dont know whether I will have a scope in this field
or not. I want to know this before joining.

[Sales Agent 02:14]
Okay okay, got it, got it. So now you have did your masters and
dehatters in aeronautics itself and you have 5 years of experience in
which domain each thing? I mean which moment you are?

[Customer 02:29]
Teaching Assistant Professor for Aeronautical Field itself.

[Sales Agent 02:33]
Again here, aeronautical. OK got it, got it. So now I wanted to ask
you, in this 5 years experience plus whatever the 6 years of education
you have in the center journey, by chance from your end, have you
worked on any programming languages or any tools like such? No

[Sales Agent 02:54]
okay any unusable source like Excel or the Python, anything like that.

[Customer 02:59]
Nothing related to these kind of coding. I did some softwares related
to mechanical thing like I am just scatter and all.

[Sales Agent 03:10]
Microsoft Excel.

[Customer 03:12]
Not Excel.

[Customer 03:15]
ANSYS A N.

[Sales Agent 03:17]
SIS

[Sales Agent 03:17]
got it.

[Customer 03:19]
Thank you, Madam. She will talk to you.

[Sales Agent 03:22]
Okay, got it. So I got a gift of your profile now I will. Let me tell
you what are you offering and hobbies. The program will help you.
Okay. So first of all, I have a TG program. Yeah, that would
absolutely pick your profile because me talking about my courses, I
want to talk about the technology today, your end only getting a
transaction like from teaching or whatever the XYG government you are
in. You want a transition

[Sales Agent 03:49]
and you know whenever you learn any technology. Not I am not talking
about data phones, any technology for the people, any technology. You
are a special student of course.

[Sales Agent 04:01]
And secondly, when you look into the job market today, except to data
science, there is no other technology which will you know which will
be easy for you to learn. Because data science today it is very easy
and getting a job in this market is very, very easy,

[Sales Agent 04:18]
right, because with there are 100 positions in a company, you hardly
get 30 to 40 people for that as per todays equation. Okay now

[Sales Agent 04:28]
speaking about the program. I have a one year program with me. In this
one year the first 6 months you will be. This is a data size easy
program that you do from triple IT Bangalore, International Institute
of Information Technology, Bangalore. This is an easy match to do
directly from university upgrade will remain as a technical partner.
Thats it.

[Customer 04:48]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 04:49]
So keeping upgrade to triple I to this brand they say, let's talk
about the technology. In this one year program what will happen is the
first to 6th month no matter which background you come from. Today you
are from aeronautics. Even if you tell me that you are from computers
also for data science, you will be a fresher on you. Because the
technology itself is new. We cant find people from same experience.
You people are special to us. So what will happen is the first 6
months of this course is Yamini.

[Sales Agent 05:17]
We will be focusing on building the initial levels of data science,
initial fundamental. So when I speak about the word data sense, the
first word that comes to our mind is data data. It can be through
pictures, images or whatever the text, whatever they think. Now what
will happen is we at least during your education or during your what
we call this professional journey. You might have used Microsoft Excel
for your, you know, at least for names or something, right?

[Customer 05:50]
Correct.

[Sales Agent 05:51]
Right now if you have an option, Microsoft Excel is one of the primary
tool for data site. Now what will happen is tomorrow when you go to
data tribute roles, OK you will be asked to work on small data sets
and you are also work with ask you to work on bigger data sets also.
Now what will happen is again I am clearly saying the first 6 months
you will be working on 3 tours extended

[Sales Agent 06:17]
and my SQL.

[Sales Agent 06:18]
You will learn this 3 tools from the scratch from the roots levels.
Now what is happening is today you are coming from a company technical
background which is nothing to do with Yoga science.

[Sales Agent 06:32]
OK now you are familiar with Microsoft Excel. What will happen is
whenever you download any excel price, if you observe it is covered in
over and the file MB 6 MB like that that you know you are expected
only deal with small data set today whatever the school I mean
university that you are working, the data that you are university you
contain

[Sales Agent 06:54]
we have been with excel thats what it. But tomorrow when you ask him
to work on business data set that is data which is having 2 GB or 3 GB
of data. OK fine but then your actual cant function. So for reputa of
excel you are using Python

[Sales Agent 07:13]
okay and today again I will ask you that it will be an easy journey in
the initial place only you will be meeting facing some difficulty in
the beginning stage because if I look through your profile it will
almost 10 years you left your Academy right? So for you to take back
to learning or for you to design your timetable and done you require
some space.

[Sales Agent 07:32]
Now what will happen is this first to 6 months you will learn
excellence, counter and sequel from the scratch from the root levels.
The first 3 months is near whatever the data that you have that your
company give up, that your teams give. With this 3 tools you will
understand how can you take data into your pack. The first 3 months,

[Sales Agent 07:54]
the next 3 months. Once you change the data into your hand you will
get study. How can you build a model out of that? How can you build an
application So technically by that time you are completing The first
to 6 months into this course you are already a data scientist dot

[Sales Agent 08:12]
okay

[Sales Agent 08:14]
my swamini. The next 26 months is where you take a specialization.

[Sales Agent 08:20]
So engineering. You have aeronautics, electronic communications, lot
of stuff is there. Similarly Data science is a field, Engineering is a
field, Data science is a field. Here you have 5 different
specialization. The first one is data analytics. You might be hearing
about this everyday data needs. Second one is business analysis. OK,

[Sales Agent 08:45]
71 is deep learning,

[Sales Agent 08:47]
4th one is natural language property and the 5th one is a data
engineering. Let me explain you what are the site specifications. I
will give you a simple idea.

[Sales Agent 08:57]
So you planning by any chance have you ever used this sticky Zomato?
Anything like that. Lets talk about Zomato. So

[Sales Agent 09:09]
you opened your Zomato application and you are searching for some what
we called Biryani. You are searching for biryani and tomato. So you
will type for the both biryani in your Zomato where you will say
whatever the biryani is available in your city they are driving the
rate is the restaurant hence and everything. This is because of the
data analysis.

[Sales Agent 09:30]
The concept of data netics will come here. OK where you arrange the
data, fix, raise the data amount then done. You have collected one
biryani from paradise okay. Take an example. Now you are festival
biryani. By immediate thing what you will observe is on your own
screen you will get some refundation. How about ordering some double
card pizza? Also how about ordering coke also right? These
recommendations and all are part of these learning, which is again one
of the specialization recommendation system works on the concept of a
I artificial intelligence.

[Sales Agent 10:02]
It is your learning data size. A I is also one of the part of it.
Correct? Now

[Sales Agent 10:08]
you have added biryani, you are also ordering Coke. If you are only
ordering biryani, you would have got ₹5 discourse. Now you are already
Biryani and you are ordering 4%. For that reason, you are not getting
₹20 discount on total scale value. Now this discount pattern will be
decided by business analyst. So the business treatment decisions will
be provided by the business analyst

[Sales Agent 10:31]
that now you order biryani, you paid the bill, It should be delivered
to your home in the next 30 minutes. But it took money one hour. And
the food which you have received is not so nice. So what you do, you
open the Zomato application and you will file a complaint. So you guys
type your complaint with a tab bot. There is a automatic bot which
will reply to your messages.

[Sales Agent 10:57]
That is because of the Natural language processing which is again part
of a I. Now this 4 teams are delivering the process for you because
they are having the data with them. They are having getting the data
type to tag. This entire data management is taken by data engineers.
Now let me clear you something very very important. You are doing this
work for one year where the first 6 months you will learn the basics.
You are clear with that right? After 6 months into the score,

[Sales Agent 11:25]
my email ask you a simple question. If I ask you to make yourself in
Python today, as of now on the scale of one to 10, definitely you will
rate yourself as zero right after doing the course for 6 months. I
will not say that you might become a poor, you might not become a pro,
but at least you will rate work at a certain level. Now even after 6
months, you will get a same question right yourself in Python of the
scale of one total. If you are in position to raise yourself 10 or 12
out of 10 in programming, then you will go to Data engineering which
is the Sukhi Jagah of all the technical stuff Like you will be doing
the coding, you will be doing the programs that will be entire
technical domain technical job. OK

[Sales Agent 12:10]
if you are waiting yourself 6

[Sales Agent 12:12]
pahale or even age then you will go to deep lobby or natural language
processing. Its a even technical roles only where you will do the
coding and all. If you rate below 51 or 2 or 3 or even zero, you will
go to business analytics or data health

[Sales Agent 12:29]
Okay. So actually this is the first to 6 months of this score. My
customers will give you 2 roadways, I mean 2 pathways. First way
practice where you will be doing the technical stuff, you will do the
programming, coding and all that stuff. Second is Varshi Kumar is just
going to a data analytics for a business analytic floor. You will not
do any coding. You will be working on some tools like Excel, Power,
DA, Tableau like that where you take TCS, you prepare reports.

[Customer 12:57]
Okay got.

[Sales Agent 12:59]
It if you ask me today Sir, it is no you gave good 6 months of time
understand the market, research, market, understand what will be
suitable for your profile and it is fast like this decision can be
only based on you. In this 6 months you interact with multiple
industry leaders, you attend lot of webinars, you take lot of flight
stations. Based on that, and based on your current performance in the
program on coding and all, you will then decide

[Sales Agent 13:27]
5 of the specifications are equally important and we will tell you
equally only what any questions are, queries you know miss you have
any on the syllabus.

[Customer 13:38]
OK, so I understood based on how well I could understand the coding,
how well I could perform on coding, I can go to the relevant.

[Sales Agent 13:47]
Field

[Sales Agent 13:49]
exactly exactly, exactly, exactly when it happened. That's what I am
saying I am asking.

[Customer 13:55]
Like if I couldnt perform in coding also I have other options.

[Sales Agent 13:58]
Exactly, exactly.

[Sales Agent 14:01]
And thats what. And it flashes and leaving the asking for your take
whatever the specification you have this 56 months also you will be
completely monitored. You will be completely what we call mentored
with my industry. So they will also thrive. You give you the giving
the proper academic training here and then you will take a call. Now
coming to the structure of the program. So

[Sales Agent 14:25]
once are you working with Yamu?

[Customer 14:28]
No, I am not working. I took up.

[Sales Agent 14:30]
Got it. Got it. So this program for this program

[Sales Agent 14:35]
for this program is to complete online course you should do from
triple ITDQ basis. For this program, you are asked to spend somewhere
around 12 to 15 hours of time per week.

[Customer 14:47]
OK.

[Sales Agent 14:48]
How you wanted to spend, where you wanted to spend it on you. We are
not dictating anytime you need to spend 12 to 15 hours per week. This
is a blended learning course. That is, you will be attending the
recorded classes and you will be attending live classes. Okay

[Sales Agent 15:06]
recorded classes will be handled by the faculty of triple IT
Bengaluru. Like the way your M Tech or in your Btech you might have
carried a physical textbook right? Text the book or material or
whatever the thing here. In case of this you will have a recorded
video that is a digital stuff

[Sales Agent 15:23]
okay that is had given by triple IT faculty. So you will go through
that. Then Saturday Sir Sunday you will have live session. This live
session you are taken by the industry leaders. So like the way today
you are having I mean 5 GS of experience people are 10 plus years of
experience include this vertical right now working in this vertical
they take the life access for you. So what will happen is in a given
way you are managing theoretical and practical simultaneously.

[Sales Agent 15:53]
So you are listening to the same concept but you are listening twice.
One is from the faculty of Triple IT Bangalore and other is from the
industry expert. So here you are not missing out on any content First
one. Second point is this 12 to 15 hours that I am giving for you in
this vehicle. 15 hours you will attend line, you will attend record
and you will do your progress. You will do your self preparation also.
So everything is inclined in this 12 to 15 hours.

[Sales Agent 16:22]
Sir, this is a partial any question for queries till now.

[Customer 16:25]
No, no, no, I am clear.

[Sales Agent 16:27]
To you Sir,

[Sales Agent 16:29]
Yes, hello. Coming to the most important question. You are doing this
course for Ram Sushil. Technically reset. You are looking for a job
now

[Sales Agent 16:39]
what will happen is first one today when when you ask me like you know
Pawan, what would the what will the market expect from my profile or
yield coming from aeronautics. How would I get a transition. There is
a simple way where you will showcase your hands on experience and
hands on experience will never come with learn Unity incremental
technology that is clear you will work on projects

[Sales Agent 17:04]
right in the beginning of this call today you have used one term that
I am looking for data science where it is boolean booing in the sense
what we exactly mean. This technology is you know present in every
industry, every domain. Tomorrow you move to your aeronautics also
data science is there you move to some IT industry. Data science is
there every domain Mein you will see data bank okay. Now what will
happen in this program is I am giving you a project these projects.
What is a unique thing is this projects are directly

[Sales Agent 17:34]
assigned from the industry for you

[Sales Agent 17:36]
okay. So I will give you a problem statement. Take an example you have
you have you will have a problem statement from e commerce industry
like Flipkart. I will I will ask you to design a data science model
where that model can measure how the yield is performing in a
Flipkart. So what I will do is I will give you a problem. In one hand
you will have problem other hand I will give you a data set. What are
you doing in the program? Is you learning the technology.

[Sales Agent 18:02]
Cardinally you will apply the technology on a given problem statement
and you will find a solution

[Sales Agent 18:08]
that is not a processing right now. What will happen is in this
program you will work on not less than 10 to 15 projects for sure.

[Sales Agent 18:17]
In the center course of action you will do 10 to 15 projects and
tomorrow when you speak with recruiters or when you speak with
interviewers, these are the saving factors for you because these
products are some real time projects where you get titles from an
industry expert. And secondly, even though you come from a different
alternate background like Aeronautics, you will get some hands on
experience of you put your you will get some dirt into this
technology.

[Sales Agent 18:44]
You have put your hands dirty to this technology. Thats where
insurance of the recruiters will look into your profile. It is not
because of the specification that you have done right. Absolutely.

[Sales Agent 18:53]
Now what will happen? 60% of the weightage in the scores is given to
this project only and only 40% of the weightage is given to you an
exam. So what when I mean the exam. What will happen is after you
complete the average, after you call, after unit, model, whatever.
After you completed every chapter, you will be attempting multiple
choice proceedings.

[Sales Agent 19:14]
So for that you give 40% package and for this we are giving 60%
weightage. So the total CCPA for the Center One year program will be
4.0 out of which you need to score at least ₹2.4 60%. Then you will
get a easy program certification from triple IT Bengaluru Annual PG.
Whatever you are receiving nowhere my upgrade online distance, part
time remote, nothing is mentioned.

[Sales Agent 19:39]
This is the full time easy which is recognised and approved by World
Education Services. So like the way we have UGC in our country on a
global level on international standards you have Global Education
Services. So this is recognized to the World Education Services and
you can check this PG throughout the globe, not just in India. Got an
option? Any questions? No, no.

[Customer 20:02]
No that's what I wanted the certificate for abroad also I have

[Customer 20:09]
so thats why I am preferring this one triple. IT is a central
government institute.

[Sales Agent 20:14]
Exactly.

[Customer 20:15]
Will be valid if I go on only I am checking for.

[Sales Agent 20:20]
This one coming to

[Sales Agent 20:22]
the coming to the lets move to the other side now most importantly why
are you doing this course correct branch is the outcome job first of
all right now what will happen is today

[Sales Agent 20:34]
as a as a beginning of the column I told you that whenever you learn
any new technology followup profile you will be special to that okay.
Even though you tell me that you are having some experience in
computers also for me for data sense you are a fresher. OK now what
are we doing is first of all we are doing the research. Research in
the sense

[Sales Agent 20:54]
we are understanding what type of companies will fit our profile.
There might be a company which might give you 40, 50,00,000 in the
beginning or they might not bring their bankers which might give you
only 2,00,000 in the parking. First of all what we should understand
what is our requirement and what companies will serve our requirement.

[Sales Agent 21:11]
Sir, initial 45 months into this course we will do that homework like
OK if I am entering into data science vertical, these are the
companies today doing good in the market and if I wanted to target
this company watch with the road map and everything we are doing the
research even my industry experts will help you. So you will apart
from the flight lattice your projects and all the stuff you will also
you know interact with this industry export on a one on one call. So
that is where these people also will make you understand what is
exactly happening in the market.

[Sales Agent 21:42]
Okay. And if you are doing this course, what will happen to your
profile in the market? You will get a better picture about that. Once
you are clear with this limit, then what will happen from the 6th or
7th month of the program? First of all in the 6th month of the course
after you completing the initial first 6 months, we ask you to write
an exam. If you ask me Pavan, is this mandatory? Definitely yes. This
is called. This exam is called IRE Industry Readiness Test.

[Sales Agent 22:10]
So what are the basics that you are learning in the Easter 6 months of
this course will be asked in this exam. OK if you are able to share
this IRG you can understand that you are good for the Data science
industry. No you failed in the exam. Even that is very very possible
for you because you are understanding which are the areas that you
need to focus, which are the areas that you are good at. You will get
a picture about that right? Based on this I am t you will get a
clarity on what the next journey and everything. Then

[Sales Agent 22:40]
from the 6th month of the program there will be a dedicated students
of coming career support in assigned for you. What do they do for you
is they will speak with them. They will listen to your entire journey
from the day one of your graduation to till date.

[Sales Agent 22:52]
Based on the center journey we will be creating the profile for you
which is your resume till now, your profile whatever that you are
telling me dictating me that profile is nothing to do with data site.
Right now what we do is we will recreate your profile. We add 50% of
status to your existing agreement that is your aeronautics specific
everything and the rest 50% of the weightage is given to the forest
that you are doing in this program.

[Sales Agent 23:20]
So we need to profile more visible to the data science industry. Okay
what such profile is created. You will take the help of tools like
RGPTATS within the profile builder. We create your profile with help
of this advanced rules. Once this profile is created then what we do
is we will share your profile to the companies that we are partnered
with keeping Triple IT Bilagulu website alien. It's an international
brand. It means triple ITSI upgrade education. We are also a global
partner today. We are the South Asias

[Sales Agent 23:52]
biggest platform. So we will take care of your placement. So what we
do is out of this currently upgraded or partner with almost 300 plus
hiring partners, out of the 300 companies that we have, you will
select some 35 to 40 companies and we will share you a profile for
them.

[Customer 24:08]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:09]
Okay, take an example. Tomorrow you got a call from, you know, Amazon
for a business industry and you have an interview scheduled with
Amazon the coming Saturday. You have almost

[Sales Agent 24:20]
7 days of time in the meanwhile. What upgrade will do you is it will
help you with some mock interviews. Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:28]
You know whenever you sit in any interview, there will be a separate
hotel discussion in a technical discussion, right? I mean you might
have. So what will happen is HI discussion may I mean when you are
sitting in a technical discussion definitely whatever the journey that
you have earlier or whatever the domain that you have in today,

[Sales Agent 24:47]
if they the recruiters of that people will never question about that.
They only wanted to know what you know in data sense and what you
implemented with the data sense. So that is why my progress will help
you your forecast. But when it comes to HR route you have to focus lot
of stuff. You know you are coming from PC so why would the teacher to
pick into the data science role or what should be the CTC? What could
be the designation? Which type of questions will arise in the
recruiters mind?

[Sales Agent 25:15]
You will be the person who will pass in those. So that is the reason.
Before your actual interview begin, we help you with some mock
interviews. This mock interviews were taken by well srived experts.
OK.

[Customer 25:26]
So you will also.

[Sales Agent 25:27]
Ask you same questions only why should I have you? You are having some
gap. Why should I consider your gap? Each type of questions only we
will ask you and we will listen to your answers. We will. It is not
like I will give you an question and answer directly. I will listen to
your answer based on the way you answer these applications.

[Sales Agent 25:44]
I spoke to Divya genuine feedback that Mr Tiammi, these are the areas
you are already doing good. These are the areas you need to improve
and we will give you the proper training for that okay. So mock
instructions will be there. On top of that there is one more
additional support that we offer for your internals. That is take an
example, the next Saturday you have an interview with Amazon. We told
you right now before Saturday, that is by Thursday or by Friday a
person who is already working in Amazon

[Sales Agent 26:15]
as a business end list will come and interact with you Okay. So once
you speak with the person who formed a working in that company, there
are lot of advantages. First of all you will get to know Okay if I
sent it in Amazon. These are my Russian responsibilities that I will
have

[Sales Agent 26:30]
no coming come in aeronautical background. These are the charges I
will face differently. You will What will be the charges you will face
if you are getting selected in Amazon? These are the growth I can
expect in the next 2 to 3 years. So once you speak with the person who
is working in the company, you get to know these points. Particularly
I do do a complete 360 degree research about your job role and then
only you will be sent for that Amazon interview right

[Sales Agent 26:57]
Be it any company. I am not only specifying about Amazon beat any
company, this process will remain the same. So that is why you get you
get that confidence and you will be able to project your profile even
though you this program will make you technically strong when you sit
in front of your executive. This points to mention that is where you
are putting 100% of effort.

[Customer 27:17]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 27:19]
So that's how to interview pattern looks like. Any questions or twice

[Sales Agent 27:24]
I disturb you jumping into the fee structure. I would also highly say
about the support that you offer. No matter how much time I discuss
with you, this is not the traditional learning, this is not how you
did your graduation, this is not how you did your masters. Here you
are doing PG completely online and this is a self date learning right
Calculation in the sense here you are taking time out of your pocket
and money out of your pocket and doing the program.

[Sales Agent 27:50]
Try to support this type of ecosystem. We have a dedicated student
support team for you. So while during this program, whenever you are
stuck somewhere, whenever you are unable to understand your concepts
of your queries, you can always show to my students support team via
an email for a callback discussion.

[Customer 28:07]
OK if.

[Sales Agent 28:08]
You observe on the problem now you are speaking with 2 people I mean 2
bodies one is upgrade and average triple IT. Okay you are doing this
course with triple IT are upgrade will be a bridge between you 2
people. So whenever you have questions please also obtain. We will
understand your queries Based on that we get back to with the reply t
5% we get your queries clear. Second thing everyday everyday starts
7:00 AM to 9:00 AM afternoon 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM evening 7:00 PM to
9:00 PM everyday. We have

[Sales Agent 28:40]
daily doubt resolution sessions.

[Customer 28:43]
OK.

[Sales Agent 28:44]
These were taken by extra leads, subject, neighbor, expert. So any
given day if you are having any questions or queries you can join the
call on the same there post your questions and get the solutions.

[Sales Agent 28:56]
So its not like you need to wait till your weekend to get your queries

[Sales Agent 29:02]
on a given day itself. You have questions, you join the call, positive
question, take the solution. Now lets come to the final discussion for
the day, the fee structure. So the total postponed for the program
would be somewhere around 3,00,000 fortyfive ₹1000 for the total
duration out of 325, you know

[Sales Agent 29:19]
which quotes you do from triple IT. So we will be dropping your
profile to the university. So based on your eligibility and all, if
you are getting selected, you will get an offer at from the
university. So once you receive an offer letter, you will be having
the P and everything mentioned there where you will be paying ₹25,000

[Sales Agent 29:36]
good reservation out of 325. Your initial block payment would be
25,000 right Sir. Once that initial down payment was made, the
remaining amount whatever that pending that you can convert into EMI.
Either just if you have that flexibility you can go for one short
payment else you can convert the remaining amount into EMI So you will
have a no cost EMI which is for 12 months where the premiuming
3,00,000 will be paid in 12 equal pass without any interest, no
additional charges, nothing

[Sales Agent 30:04]
₹3,00,000 will be paying 12 equal parts with some processing charges.
Now secondly, if you tell me that.

[Customer 30:10]
I dont want to go.

[Sales Agent 30:11]
For higher limits per month you can go for a normal and interest based
EMA where your tenurity will start from 18 months and you can prolong
that up to 5 years. So single equation if you are increasing the
tenurity for your EMI, the amount per month would be decreasing
implication. That's it

[Sales Agent 30:30]
Okay. So once you initial down payment was made, you will be given 3
to 4 days of time. In the next 3 to 4 days you will be deciding and
how you wanted to close your remaining balance. And once you get it
on, we will be helping you with the renewing EMI process and all. And
the program which I am discussing right now with you on the call now,
this is starting by February 15th. You might have seen in my website
also Okay printing text, This is the spring seat right? If you have
apparently International University, we have insult policy, you know
about that right? Per year

[Sales Agent 31:02]
we only have this call printed which will start in July or January.

[Sales Agent 31:05]
Here we have special call first right now let me check again Sir. What
I will do is I have your mobile number and email registered here from
you. I will send you a program details the brochures and everything on
the given WhatsApp and email. What I would request is you tell me the
time that you will be available today if you want your husband to be
on that call. Actually I want it to be so whenever you and your
husband will be available today latest once connect on it. Google his
call. Okay.

[Sales Agent 31:32]
Wait, I can tell you you are saying something.

[Customer 31:36]
No, no, continue.

[Sales Agent 31:37]
Right so where I can present my screen and I can show you the demo of
the program. Once you attend the demo you will first know what am I
offering for you. See at the end of the day my privilege or the time
you spent for this program will be the secondary aspect. First of all
its a project which I am offering for you. Is it really fitting your
requirement is the primary question which you should ask yourself. Sir
lets have a discussion on that product. Let let me show you what
subject I am offering the package to the project, the case there is
and everything. Once you attend that if you feel your power disease
fitting my pocket then

[Sales Agent 32:09]
I mean this is fitting my requirement. Then lets discuss about the
pricing on the detailed amount and we take a informative call, revert
the thing right.

[Customer 32:16]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 32:17]
Right. So when do you think you will be available for the demo? Call
this family.

[Customer 32:22]
Is it possible at 8:30 PM today?

[Sales Agent 32:25]
Definitely, definitely I can do that. So I will block your calendar.
Lakshmi, at 8:30 today, I will share you a Google meet invite. I will
drop you. So this number that I am speaking right now with Yami, is it
the same number you are asking on WhatsApp?

[Customer 32:38]
It's not there in WhatsApp.

[Sales Agent 32:41]
You get that? Yeah.

[Customer 32:43]
Can I tell now?

[Sales Agent 32:44]
Yeah, please.

[Customer 32:46]
7799.

[Sales Agent 32:48]
7799.

[Customer 32:50]
410.

[Sales Agent 32:53]
774410

[Customer 32:56]
415.

[Sales Agent 32:57]
415 OK, got it. I will drop you the details on your email and your
WhatsApp. Please let me disconnected at 8:30 today. And in the
meanwhile, if you find someone who are interested in doing this
courses to upgrade, you can refer this program for them, right?

[Customer 33:12]
Yeah sure. And one more thing Sir, 2 courses here. One is postgraduate
program for data science and layer. Another is for machine learning
and a I.

[Sales Agent 33:22]
Like.

[Customer 33:22]
What is the difference between these 2?

[Sales Agent 33:24]
And what is the for you Data science would be the right app. Machine
learning and al you can end to and technical course where it is again
one of the subset of data science only. So what will happen is if you
are going for machine learning and a I it would you should be in a
position to rate yourself in programming on the somewhere around 6 or
7 today itself.

[Sales Agent 33:48]
It would be completely difficult. Instead of you starting from level 5
or level 6 directly start from level zero.

[Customer 33:55]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 33:56]
Like you can upgrade.

[Customer 33:58]
It later after this course.

[Sales Agent 34:00]
So it is not updating whatever the syllabus that you have seen in that
machine learning and area. It is again presently data plans only same
syllabus.

[Sales Agent 34:09]
It will be a bit easy for you to learn this syllabus than the other
one. Thats it. That is the reason I have recommended data French.

[Customer 34:16]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 34:17]
Right, right

[Sales Agent 34:19]
and as I told you right If you are going for machine learning and a I,
you should only talk with coding related roles after completing the
program. This program will help you to other go for a technical source
or techno functional goals also

[Sales Agent 34:32]
right? Yeah.

[Sales Agent 34:35]
So last question, Miss Yami Neham, what is the university that you are
working? I mean the last work university?

[Customer 34:41]
In Bangalore Dayanand Sagar College.

[Sales Agent 34:44]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 34:45]
Diamond Sagar, okay. Got it, got it done. I will just let us consider
VCP.

[Customer 34:51]
Today.

[Sales Agent 34:52]
Thanks. Thank you so much for that. Yeah, done.
