[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello.

[Customer 00:03]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:04]
Hi Rahul Ganje this side from Mumbai.

[Customer 00:06]
Yeah, I am Harshika.

[Sales Agent 00:08]
Sir, we have suspect Akshay on call. He is looking for MBA and he is
interested for OP General Global University.

[Customer 00:16]
And.

[Sales Agent 00:17]
He has 11 months of experience in finance and right now he is not
working here joint family business and he is looking for a job also.

[Sales Agent 00:26]
I will share you the details and I am holding

[Sales Agent 00:30]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:33]
Hi Subhinav, Our expert programme advisor Rahul with us. He will give
you all the details of the course

[Sales Agent 00:39]
courses we have for MBA. Please take this call forward down. Thank.

[Customer 00:43]
You for Anshika. Hello,

[Customer 00:45]
yeah, hi Rahul. Yeah, hi Akshay, how are you? I am good. Okay so
Akshay what are you telling and what are you looking for?

[Customer 00:55]
I am looking for distance learning in MBA.

[Customer 00:59]
Okay, specialization would be finance and operation,

[Customer 01:04]
Okay, Yeah. So what would be best courses or like UGC approved courses
you can suggest me?

[Customer 01:13]
Okay, so Akshay, if you talk about like my own executive Vanshika
mentioned that after graduation we have worked for quite a while like
11 months we have worked and you have gained the family business,
correct?

[Customer 01:29]
Okay, so like this 11 months failure was like once the job profile
where you are working

[Customer 01:35]
about the maximum Sir as in finance and equipment associate. Alright,
And

[Customer 01:44]
then why you have lost that? I will join the family business.

[Customer 01:47]
Yeah, due to some family issues like my

[Customer 01:51]
who used to take care of us, he had to retire. That is the reason I
had to quit and join that.

[Customer 02:01]
Okay. And if you know when it was your family business like and what
you do over there,

[Customer 02:06]
we have a complex, I mean we have a joint family, so

[Customer 02:10]
rental income you could take that. Okay, okay, got it, got it. So you
are managing the whole part or you are just managing one, right?

[Customer 02:18]
No whole part, whole part you are managing alright. Now if you talk
about scaling also like for which purpose you want to obscure, like
how it is going to help you basically when the program

[Customer 02:29]
no. When I could,

[Customer 02:32]
when I had to quit, no, I had no experience

[Customer 02:35]
in our family business so I could not manage both the things. That is
the reason I had to quit it. So now what? Now it has been almost one
year that I have joined and I think like I can keep a manager or
something and even I can side by side job, visit a job and do it. You
know that is the reason if I can do

[Customer 02:57]
MBA online then it will help. It should help me for my progress right,

[Customer 03:03]
If I am working so alright, so main thing is that you again want to go
back to corporate side, correct? Correct. Alright, fantastic,
fantastic. If you have taken that decision. Now if you talk about like
if you talk about MBA program, there are lots of MBA program that are
listed on our website, okay, in terms of the NS device and in terms of
that duration wise sense maam. So what type of duration you are
looking for like shorter duration.

[Customer 03:31]
2 years also is okay for me. One year also is okay. I mean 1.5 years
also is okay for me. Whichever is best. And you know which helps me to
grow into the job, which helps me in the career path of job purpose,
career path like the main policy approach, UCC approach would be a
great for me. So that it also holds a great correct, correct. That is
okay. Financial rate those programs only, okay, like so basically MBA

[Customer 04:02]
program you want to do so that you can again start your corporation,
correct?

[Customer 04:06]
So you are expecting the placement part as well from our end

[Customer 04:10]
yes maam, you provide that okay so apart from you your up skillment in
terms of the curriculum part or the degree part. We provide the
placement support as well if in case if you want to grab another job
because like again doing a program and going hunting outside, it
becomes very tedious. Alright, so we provide what what I think is that
if I am already holding the job and I am also learning from good
university, then it will help me the to progress and with my

[Customer 04:41]
skills maybe I might catch up with that. You know whatever

[Customer 04:47]
what you say

[Customer 04:48]
if I am suitable for anything, then hopefully I will get that. If I am
not working and if I don't get a job right now because of the gap that
is one year, everyone will have this you know reasons Sir, they will
they will not the companies might have not might not understand why I
had to quit and they might question me if I rules succeed in that. If
I am only looking into the, I mean if I am only doing the course and I
am managing the business what they are in store, then it will be
almost

[Customer 05:18]
like 2 years or 3 years

[Customer 05:20]
face of fighter according to them because they need experience. But
that time I will be, you know, maybe I might get assistance

[Customer 05:30]
from the upgrade or someone or someone might assist me like how to.
Yeah, but I can't guarantee at that time if I get a job, then
obviously I will be. It will be helpful for me because I am already in
that place, right?

[Customer 05:47]
I am already on that track. So they will understand like he is doing
multiple things may be he is good enough for his job Sir and so job
they will understand that correct? Yeah. So if I am looking for
placement without a job then would it be a correct expectations or not
from your end? So I am talking about live experience like how it works
from our end. Okay, so basically at this point of time you need 2
things. First thing is that up skillment which you can showcase to the
recruiters. Second

[Customer 06:19]
one you need a support from a good repeated company. Like if you talk
about we have our own HR agency okay that will help you to grab a
opportunity so that you dont have to go outside and hurt the job on
your own. So over one platform only you will get each and everything.

[Customer 06:34]
So over here we provide 360 degree carrier support. Alright, I will
explain you like how the placement part works later on. But first I
will tell you like specific to you, I will suggest do go Dont go for
the 2 years program. Okay. In terms of the MBA program for a working
professionals and those who have experienced for them we have started
like with the celebration definitely one one of the Indian university
one year MBA program

[Customer 07:00]
offer is not again executive MBA or a distance MBA regular one year
online MBA program again UGC approved a ICT approved. Alexis, how they
are able to provide one year MBA program because in India it is
basically as per our knowledge is 2 years only. Okay, There is no one
year MBA program but it has changed now. Okay. So OB general like you,
you have explored that program as well correct on the website. The
original global business course.

[Customer 07:28]
I have not I have seen like Shivu that is golden cake and your phone
are just rolling down. Actually,

[Customer 07:36]
I I was already in progress with Symbosis. Okay, most all documents
were shared. Everything was done but there are multiple colleges in
Pune

[Customer 07:48]
with which we are supporting for PGDNA&MBA. So I had to say what is
BCDMA and all.

[Customer 07:57]
I will explain that card as well to you.

[Customer 08:00]
Okay so it has explained by them and

[Customer 08:05]
later what happened is they were forcing me to pay so much fees and
all so I had trust issues with them. Okay, okay so even I see far from
the city that is Pune they are providing and I see in Hubli you can
see the Karnataka.

[Customer 08:22]
So

[Customer 08:25]
that's the reason I had to. I had trust issues. That is the reason I

[Customer 08:31]
choose upgrade. It was very quick decision from my side.

[Customer 08:38]
Someone suggested you operate or like how you line up at upgrade

[Customer 08:42]
like my cousins and all they work in French for companies and already
there will be higher price so they will be having this you know free
courses for few people and all. So

[Customer 08:57]
just like sure yeah that is the reason I thought like I can get
somewhere. So I have never done online courses till now. Okay so
actually first I will give you the clarity about what other ad is
actually okay. So you should be aware about what the platform in which
you are going to invest if you have decided. Okay so first thing is
that like Akshay upgrade is Asia's largest at tech company not just in
India but available in 10 different countries. So the presence of
upgraded is at a global level

[Customer 09:26]
over here what we are doing like we are celebrating with a multiple
universities like the Golden Gate which you have explored OK, it is
again a US university. We have celebrated with that even upgrade is
available one of our branches in US as well that. So we have
celebrated with multiple universities. So they are using our LMS
portal that is learning management system portal to deliver their
program. Okay. So we are the channel partner or if you can say
technology partner for major like multiple engineers.

[Customer 09:55]
That's the main thing about you. You'll be completing your program
from the university itself, but their usage also I got up a question
right now and they will be sending their you know, studies through
this channel. It is upgrade. So do you want me to depend on upgrade or
that college for your for placement or any other thing? Who will you
help me that will be helping me or the correct everything will be
taken by after that? I am coming to that point. Okay, so first thing
is that the curriculum part, we dont get involved into the curriculum
part that is totally decided as a limitation part, correct?

[Customer 10:33]
It will be done by the United States

[Customer 10:35]
and the actual faculty, those who are teaching offline, they are given
who will take care of your teaching part. Now coming to how Aggrad is
going to help you over here, upgraded will be the medium between you
and the university. Taking care of each and everything. You have to be
like your point of contact will be the offer right Only OK in terms of
if you have any kind of doubts if you have any kind of issues that you
are facing, we have our own dedicates like student support team that
will take care of your issues if you are facing anything

[Customer 11:05]
okay, so first thing is that you will be dependent for any kind of
issues on upgrade because this OP general if you talk about we are
using our platform to deliver the program okay. If you are facing any
kind of technical issues and nontechnical issue, you have to reach out
to the website itself that is over here. One thing is support from of
that. Secondly, over there Unity is not getting involved into your
placement, okay. It will be taken care by the upgraded only how?
Because university like we have our own HR agency university they dont
have

[Customer 11:37]
for the placement part for the 360 degrees Carrier support that
upgrading make sure

[Customer 11:41]
okay and I explain you like how this career support works basically
Akshay like if we talk about I will give you one example so that you
can correlate. And for the open platform, LinkedIn is there I am jobs
is there indeed.com is there OK, so these are open. Can you get there?
Now jobs are offering

[Customer 12:01]
like I am talking about giving an example, open folders for the public
that is yeah, hindi.com IN jobs and monster.com these are open
platform, HR platform to grab another job. OK. So similarly, we have
our own internal job portal that will be taken care by us internal Sr
agency. We have 2 HR agency that is up drive recruit and process India
that will take care of your placement support. And we have over to
these 2 companies back in 2020 more than 250 crores just to make sure
we can provide the outcome to all members

[Customer 12:37]
outside. Is that 2.2 crore something? What is that? We have overtook
or acquired these 2 companies back in 2020 in more than 250 crores.
OK, you entire. No, no, these are our whole companies. We have
acquired these 2 companies, okay, Now they have some disturbance for
just a second now audible to you properly. Yeah, Sir, even you say
something like at the between the word is being okay, okay, okay.

[Customer 13:08]
So I was saying that we have acquired these 2 HR agency upgraded
recruit and Wolves India, Wolds Wolves India, these are own internal
AISA agency and we have acquired these 2 HR agencies back in 2020 and
more than 250 crores just to make sure we can provide the outcome to
our learner. That is the first thing you will get the access to our
internal job portal on which at any given point of time 100 plus live
jobs will be there.

[Customer 13:37]
That is the first thing project letter you have already 100% job or
how? Its a 360 degree support. I have explained you how it works even
like if you talk about IL zero Sir guaranteed placement or how what is
it right now and tender is the support not the guaranteed job. We are
going to give you the job only okay. Even the IMS they don't like give
any kind of assurity that totally depends on you. But I will explain
you like how the process is going to work.

[Customer 14:05]
You mean that the assistance will be provided but still send to crack
the interview? It depends on the student, right? Okay, we are going to
prepare you for that. Okay. And how we are going to prepare you. Like
once you get the access to the job portal, you will have to directly
apply to the company. So first we are going to assign one dedicated
career post to you. Okay, so these are certified career courses. First
they will have a one on one session with you. Try to understand your
profile like you are going to explain that career coach like this is
my background

[Customer 14:38]
currently here I am working and this is my end goal. So on that basis,

[Customer 14:42]
we will counsel you, understand your profile and prepare 5 years, 10
years down the line plan even they will do a slot analysis for you.
That is strength, weakness, threaten opportunity is one of the term of
the management. We are going to do that as well for you. And based on
that they will suggest you a pathway like for example from your family
business you are transferring towards the corporate side only, Okay,
how to achieve that? They will give you the clarity for that

[Customer 15:07]
got this call. Once you have this clarity, now you will start applying
for the company. But again, over here we are going to help you to
prepare your CV as well. Because again, there is one of the crucial
thing. We have our own artificial intelligence software dedicated that
suggests you give your feedback to include specific keywords from your
profile that is going to going to measure the drop description. For
example, if you are applying for 10 different companies, we are going
to help you to prepare 10 different series of your one single series
for one specific job disconnection.

[Customer 15:38]
Okay, so based on that, the probability of getting shortlisted
increases by multiple times once you get shortlisted. Now, we are
going to help you with the interview preparation as well as well at
the preliminary level, if we talk about communication skills, soft
skills, what type of questions will be answered in the interview? What
types of situation will be given in the interviewer? How to tackle
them?

[Customer 16:00]
This is the preliminary like if you talk about PC or training for the
interview. Now after that we are going to help you with the mock
sessions as well in the mock session, like for example before 24 to 48
hours of your actual interview. Okay, so you can ask for that in which
what we are doing, we are calling the recruiting partner from the same
company or the computer company. They will come take your interview
but at the end they will give you a feedback

[Customer 16:25]
in terms of like these are the good points, these are the points that
you need to improve upon and these are the points that you should also
include in your interview. So before going for the actual interview,
you will be 100 100% prepared for that. This part you will get you
clear. Apart from that, we are going to help you with this salary
negotiation skill. Sir, Sir, so like once like till the time you are
working in accident, what is the CTC that you are withdrawing from the
complex

[Customer 16:52]
that's 2.5, 2.5 definitely you will be looking for a ghost city salary
height as well, correct. So,

[Customer 17:01]
yeah, definitely. So we are going to help you with this salary
negotiation skills as well. Because once the money part comes into the
picture, majority of if you talk about applicants, they are little bit
hesitant

[Customer 17:12]
to get the clarity. This is my expectations. I want this. I will tell
you how because this summer is quoting you are 7 or 10 LPA for a job
description. They might have a budget of still 12 or 30 LPA for the
same job description or same job profile. OK. But the s agent try to
restrict to a little lower end. So we are going to teach you how to
negotiate your salary and get to the upper bracket. This is where your
your monetary benefits or monetary parts will be covered.

[Customer 17:40]
Apart from that how we are going to help you to multiply your CTCL
Sir. For example if you grab a 5 ltage offices for example. So you
dont have to restrict yourself towards the final payment. With this 5
LP oscillator, you can apply to the another company. Same process will
repeat but you are going to demand via amount from that known as
counter offers. Because you are already having a 5 LTA in your hand.
You can demand like 7 or 8 LTA formless With that 7 or 8 Lt you can
apply to the another company demanding 10 or 10 LP problem. So Akshay

[Customer 18:11]
from our end till the time you get your desired outcome in terms of
the company wise, in terms of the job profile wise in terms of the
salary, the monetary benefit part as well that it so everything will
be taken care from our end. So this kind of 360 degree carrier support
we provide to another and based on their Akshay, we have provided on
an average 50 to 57% salary height to all of our dollars. The highest
that we have provided is of 400 and thirtythree percent

[Customer 18:38]
on whole number wise if I talk about 1.28 CR is something that they
have given from our end a program, okay. But definitely if you talk
about if you looking for a transition towards again corporate side,
you will get from our end OK. You dont have to worry about that. So
because this kind of support if you are getting from a company which
is like in a market for quite a long time, definitely you will get end
up at a good position. And if all the companies even Accenture is one
of our resorting partner, okay,

[Customer 19:08]
Even the big force like Deloitte as you talk about Deloitte Y&CWC
before event is also a recruiting partner. You have more than 20,000
plus company based with them that out of which 500 plus active hiring
partner. We have airdroplock those who actively hire us from our end,
okay? So this is what we are going to help you apart from the
curriculum or the MBA degree part, right? This is where the upgrade
gets involved. Brought the clarity or you need more clarity on any
point.

[Customer 19:42]
Okay, are you there?

[Customer 19:45]
Hello.

[Customer 19:49]
Hello.

[Customer 19:52]
Hello.

[Customer 19:55]
Hello.

[Customer 19:57]
Akshay, are you there?

[Customer 19:59]
Hello.

[Customer 20:03]
Hello.

[Customer 20:07]
Hello

[Customer 20:11]
Akshay, am I audible to you?

[Customer 20:16]
Hello.

[Customer 20:21]
Hello.

[Customer 20:26]
Hello.

[Customer 20:30]
Hello.

[Customer 20:35]
Hello.

[Customer 20:41]
Hello.

[Customer 20:45]
Hello.
