[Customer 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello.

[Customer 00:05]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Yes. Am I talking to Haridas?

[Customer 00:09]
Who speaking?

[Sales Agent 00:11]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 00:12]
hi this side Riya giving you call from Upgrad Education.

[Customer 00:16]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:18]
Yeah. So like Harda, like actually I am one of the basically senior
manager over here at Akrad, basically admission manager. So the reason
why I connected with you is that like I just received your profile
that you were interested in the professional certificate program in HR
management and HR Analytics right from I am Kozhikode.

[Sales Agent 00:39]
Yeah. So that is the reason I just I got your profile and and I wanted
to personally reach out to you and have a conversation to like this,
know about your profile and like to share you the details, curriculum
and everything about the program.

[Customer 00:53]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:55]
Yeah. So like, is this the good time to talk to you? Are you available
right now?

[Customer 00:59]
Yeah, go ahead.

[Sales Agent 01:01]
Okay, so I just like first I just wanted to understand about your
profile like like what exactly is your highest Academy qualification?
What was?

[Customer 01:10]
Your given.

[Sales Agent 01:10]
All that.

[Customer 01:13]
No, I have given that all that entered all that in the.

[Sales Agent 01:16]
Valid identity, you have entered that and that is basically an
application form which has been sended to the admission committee.

[Sales Agent 01:24]
Kozhikode actually that doesn't comes basically to the hands of the
admission manager directly. Go to the admission committee.

[Customer 01:32]
Where admission committee.

[Sales Agent 01:33]
So basically admission committee is like if you are looking for the I
am Kozhikode program, it will go to the admission committee of the IM
Kozhikode. Okay, so whatever college, whatever program you are
choosing, there are different admission committee for each and
different universities right from wherever you are doing the
particular program.

[Sales Agent 01:53]
So if you are taking some, lets say for example if you are taking from
the Institute of Management, there will be separate different
antimission committee who is handling the like admission process and
everything further go and suit of management The same. If you are
looking for the IM code program, obviously it will go to the admission
committee of the IIM Kozhikode.

[Customer 02:14]
No admission committee sitting in IM credit code or admission
committee of abroad.

[Sales Agent 02:20]
No, it will basically first go to the admission committee of Abraham
and from there it goes to the college.

[Customer 02:27]
Okay so that means whatever I entered I have come to upgraded.

[Sales Agent 02:32]
Yeah, it has come to upgrad, but actually it does. Like we are not
able to see that only once like the admission committee is refused
that only then we get that to feed basically.

[Sales Agent 02:46]
So yeah, I just like I just had few details regarding like about your,
is that like you have around near that 30 plus years of experience,
right?

[Sales Agent 02:57]
Yeah. And another one information I had is that you have already done
your NBA, I guess.

[Customer 03:04]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:04]
That's what it's showing and like it's that you are right now working
in the Bharat Electronics Limited right and

[Sales Agent 03:12]
your contact number thats.

[Customer 03:13]
It Yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:16]
So I just wanted to understand, are you planning to like take any such
certificate?
