[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello.

[Customer 00:03]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:04]
Hello, Sir. Hi, Rupam here. Hi, Rupam. Yeah, I missed your call. I was
just on boarding peoples.

[Customer 00:10]
You know the Yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:12]
So I was just on boarding a working professional. Yeah, please tell me
I actually said the same program detail over details over email and
WhatsApp. Did you have a look at this?

[Customer 00:22]
Yeah I didnt get time but now I am looking at on it. Can you do the
same? I will. I will.

[Sales Agent 00:28]
Give you a little bit of brief as I was telling you earlier, but
before that any specific questions you would want to ask, anything
specifically you would want to know because I am sure Ayush has
already communicated as he has given information.

[Customer 00:43]
Some of the things but I didnt get the proper instructions about the
course so thats why I am asking you.

[Sales Agent 00:50]
Yeah, right. Okay, okay. So anything specific you want to know or
should I give you like but first?

[Customer 00:57]
Of all there is, there is a question from my side. Please tell.

[Sales Agent 01:00]
Me the insurance.

[Customer 01:03]
Process

[Customer 01:03]
that if I am from

[Customer 01:06]
a non data science site

[Customer 01:10]
I have to keep my career. Will they teach?

[Sales Agent 01:12]
As from the scratch.

[Customer 01:15]
From the basic or not?

[Sales Agent 01:19]
Gender teeth from basic tuning.

[Sales Agent 01:24]
Pardon will will. No, no. What is the question? I cannot.

[Customer 01:28]
Hear you clearly,

[Customer 01:30]
I am saying that I am from non data science side. I have to switch to.

[Sales Agent 01:34]
Data Science.

[Customer 01:36]
So will I spectral teacher? Will teachers?

[Sales Agent 01:40]
From the basics from the scratch yeah absolutely. And see frankly
speaking SPK data sciences for people coming from non tech people,
those who are working in the core KO tech domain right For them its
artificial intelligence and machine learning right. So who are semi
related to the technical domain like somebody like you, a profile like
yours. They teach everything from scratch. If you have just or even if
you havent opened the curriculum, the first topic in the first module
is introduction to Python.

[Sales Agent 02:12]
Okay, first you get introduced to these data tools. It's like Python,
SQL, advanced excel, right? You understand the library. So libraries
is like a technical term, but the normal meaning is your in which
formalise, right? So pythons in built formulas are NUM Python does
right? So you understand those first. Then you understand how data can
be analyzed and visualised using these programming tools and languages
in the data science and a I industry, right? Then you are gradually
moved to understanding the relevancy of these in both the domain data
and a I.

[Sales Agent 02:49]
Okay. Then you will move to that. This is all your analytics. Then you
will move to the statistics part of the program, which is your machine
learning, where you will get introduced to regression, where you will
understand support vector machine. You will understand clustering,
right? How to group elements, right? All that will be done. So starts
with analytics from scratch,

[Sales Agent 03:09]
then statistics after that and this goes on for 6 months. Okay. Then
in the 7th month not technically 7th month. At the end of 6th month
then you will choose a specialization like have you opted for M tech
or MBA or any. So you know right in the first year you study about all
the aspects of management in MBAUSI mean second year you decide
whether you want to do your MBA and Chennai and S or marketing HRIT
right. So Sneha Mein data sciences, the vast domain, it is divided
into 5 sub domains.

[Sales Agent 03:41]
There is artificial intelligent self machine learning, there is data
analytics, there is business analytic and there is data engineering.
Okay, so in the 6th month you decide at what level of technicality you
are able to understand and you see yourself in future working. There
are career coaches also who hold experience about 18 to 25 years who
will be helping them understand, who will be helping you understand if
there is any doubt or very like for example your friend hes got a
transition in the same company

[Sales Agent 04:11]
to a new role, correct? So he is got a proper, proper career
transition through the health of those

[Sales Agent 04:18]
career courses. So he decided

[Sales Agent 04:23]
proper the one, the specialization that he wanted to go for right?
Same way wherever your area of interest like if you dont want to get
into ******** coding or ******** technical role, no 2000 artificial
intelligence and machine learning specialization which is your deep
learning and NLP, okay. If you are interested in techno functional
roles while you are sitting and analyzing and visualising data,
producing a final output based on the business requirement, right? And
that could be in any industry, healthcare, pharmaceutical, financial
technology core IT, right?

[Sales Agent 04:54]
So because data, every industry data driven today, right? And
everybody is switching to these analytical skills, right? So there is
n number of opportunities there. So if you want to do a techno
functional role like that, which is you know, like see data and a I is
the most secured job today, right? And keeping in mind the future also
it's the most sustainable industry, right, Keeping in mind the future,
right. So from that point of view, if you dont want to do any ********
coding, programming, working on building or creating something, go for
data analytics or business analytics. Business analytics is more of a
business revenue generation role right?

[Sales Agent 05:29]
Financial technology company data analytics is based from project to
project, service line to service line, domain to domain, industry to
industry. You perform based on the business requirements right? If you
are more inclined towards cloud, in cloud a WS Big data you become a
data engineer. So you get cost 5 months, 5 to 6 months to decide.
Understanding the fundamentals. You understand analytics, you
understand

[Sales Agent 05:55]
******** technical. Then you decide where you want to move

[Sales Agent 05:59]
okay then in the 6th month when you choose your specialization, next 6
months will be a detailed study in your specialization. Thats why you
will complete your 12 month that is one year of postgraduate program
which is your postgraduate diploma equivalence from triple IT
Bangalore. Which placement support. Okay so either you speak to your
same company and you switch, get a transition like you could read it
or the statement support provided. If you are open for a job change
right, or relocation or anything, whatever is your preference, you go
for that.

[Customer 06:33]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:35]
Yeah, yeah,

[Sales Agent 06:38]
okay, okay. Now I will take you to the admission process and the fee
structure. Anything specific before that?

[Customer 06:45]
Can you please explain me the browser which you have sent to me?

[Sales Agent 06:51]
Can I see what?

[Customer 06:53]
Can you explain me the vouchers which you have sent to me on WhatsApp?

[Customer 06:57]
What are they?

[Sales Agent 06:59]
Yeah. So see I have said I have checked 3 TDFS with you, 3 or 42 PDS
is for you to go through. There is Courier transmission hangout
basically you are tied up to triple IT since 2015, right. So since
then up until 20:23, what kind of what kind of transition people have
got, what kind of hike, what percentage of hike hi is package growth
all of those details are that for you to go through,

[Sales Agent 07:26]
okay. There are couple of alumnis who have given interviews on
channels and everywhere, right, because of certain

[Sales Agent 07:36]
company reviews, right? Like see there are couple of companies that
actually have their employees regularly on boarded with triple IT
every year. That is Deloitte, Legato, BM Ware, HAP Global, right?
There are couple of companies like HDFC Excise, right? So these
company employees have specifically given interviews out there after
the transition in or outside the company.

[Sales Agent 07:59]
So those 2 Pvs are for you to go through. There is a sample ML degree.
One of our learners attended attended the conversation of the masters
degree, machine learning and a I right? Thats from the same
university. If you articulate from PG to masters later on, after a few
years this is what your degree will look like. Okay, then in data
science, 2 programs are there. What I told you is the 12 months, one
year of postgraduate diploma equivalence program

[Sales Agent 08:27]
and the PDF above that is the Masters, Masters of Science and Data
Science. That is a globally recognized masters degree in data science
with placement opportunity overseas as well if you are open to
relocate.

[Sales Agent 08:42]
Okay, so that is from Liverpool Johnwood University located in London.

[Customer 08:47]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 08:49]
So that is it. So you want to start with the postgraduate program,
right? The 1200, right? Yeah, So about that, yeah, about that. That
one only is divided into 2, first 5 and a half months and then next 6
and a half months, okay, Fundamental study, then specialization study,
your capstone project, final exam, I am done, okay. Placement starts
from the first month itself as in not your interviews. Okay,

[Sales Agent 09:16]
first 6 months of the program you will get access to a job portal.
Internal job portal that is created because of 2 staffing agencies,
Recruit India and Wolves India which takes care of your placement. OK,
so there are 300 plus direct vacancies listed on the portal. For 6
months you will decide which companies, which roles, which packages
you want to apply for. Okay. Then 6th and 7th month they will work on
your profile. Basically they will start with your linking with the
help of a I. They will structure your LinkedIn account on real time
basis. They will give you assistance on your deserve and cable
profiles as well

[Sales Agent 09:51]
because the software portal that you can work on different different
projects with other people. People can score you on your project,
okay,

[Sales Agent 09:58]
And then your Regimer will be worked on. Preparation for technical
rounds will be given and after that you will have yeah. After that you
will have a mock interview directly with hiring manager.

[Customer 10:12]
OK.

[Sales Agent 10:13]
So that you get a proper proper preparation before you start your
first interview. Alright, so this is what will happen. You will be
fully here because the interview call first that although the duration
of the program is 12 months and the

[Sales Agent 10:27]
your systems is given till 6 months after the program also but your
first interview call starts from the 9th month itself. Please remember
OK because university fees you are a working professionals right? So
there is no need to wait for an offer letter after the program
completion. You all should have at least 2 to 3 authorises in hand
before the program complete so that you can decide okay, these are the
kind of packages I am cracking. This is what I want to aim for. So
either if there is something satisfactory you put down your paper
software notice. And start up with the opportunity immediately right?
I mean as you complete your notice. Or you have take the advantage of
full 6 months

[Sales Agent 11:04]
career assistance till after the program completion is also given.
Thats up to you.

[Sales Agent 11:11]
Okay that way

[Sales Agent 11:13]
any doubts or queries related to this?

[Customer 11:17]
Yes, I got to be like about some boot camp policy during some kind of
boot camp.

[Sales Agent 11:24]
That is the priceless food can be that is a Python bootcamp. So that
is that is something I will tell you when we discuss of the structure
right So 15 yeah, one step at the time I will tell you. But okay theek
hai since you ask I will tell you see now the batch is starting on the
particular batch is starting on month end right now what will happen
is

[Sales Agent 11:46]
immediately the first week in your classes will not begin of the first
module. You have a complimentary life Python boot camp, which you will
get access of now outside if you do a Python certification, it charge
it charge about 20 to twentyfive 1000 as far as I know right

[Sales Agent 12:01]
now here with triple IT every learner. Although Python is included as
the programming language in the program, right? But before you begin
your first module, there is a live Python bootcamp that is given to
you. So on day one you will be registering for that and the first 7
weeks that is your entire March and first 10:50 days of April, you
will have live lectures on Python And its library every weekend for 22
hours.

[Sales Agent 12:27]
That is almost 8,00,000 Sir. Okay, so you will understand Python And
its library thoroughly. Then when the curriculum begins, right? It
will be easier for you to start off from there. Analysis and
visualization using Python SQLW. You will have a proper property like
a refresher.

[Customer 12:44]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:45]
So that Python boot camp is for one and a half months. So technically
your first module will start from 12 to 13th of April. Before that you
understand Python. That is what is given

[Sales Agent 12:57]
as complementary. Okay, Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 13:02]
The main course is the top 12 to main 4.

[Sales Agent 13:06]
1000 tomorrow your main first module 4th the Python boot camp is part
of the program because we are giving you complementary, right? So that
is part of your program, right. But what I meant is like the first
module like we have a syllable right? You have something as a
refresher that pre programmed preparatory content you go in Hindi also

[Sales Agent 13:26]
yeah yeah I mean if you are comfortable lets find I am comfortable in
okay perfect perfect okay great. So then first 7 days to rahega usmein
aapka Python boot camp hai fir Jake pahala module start hota.

[Customer 13:39]
Hai.

[Sales Agent 13:40]
Theek hai theek hai theek hai theek hai

[Sales Agent 13:42]
alright and then aapka final transcript bhi triple IT se hi aata hai.
When the program complete first convocation university Mein hi hota
hai toh Agar AAP travel kar sakte hai ya AAP already Bangalore Mein
hai toh AAP Jake convocation attend karke passing certificate le sakte
hai

[Sales Agent 13:58]
If not AAP who Courier ho jaata hai ghar pe Jo address provide karte
hai theek hai alumni status bhi aapko triple IT ka milta hai.
Faculties bhi aapke triple IT ke hai free ko one ka ratio hai for
every 3 faculties from university aapka Ek industrial hota hai to
faculties aapko knowledge provide karenge and

[Sales Agent 14:19]
and it is a working professionals hai woh knowledge ko practicality
Mein jaise apply karna hai woh industrial express bataaenge.

[Customer 14:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:31]
Theek hai toh aisi hai aapka learning format hai aur jab lecture start
hoga na abhi dekho Python board ke hum toh do do ghante ka hoga for
the first 7 weeks lekin ye pahala module start hoga toh weekend ke
chhah ghante ka live lecture hota hai. Toh Agar maan lo easy talk Agar
easy module hai. Jaise pahala data tool kit is kind of easy. So what
is Saturday ko hoga chhah ghante ke liye do break ke saath theek hai.
Classes morning to afternoon Mein hi hoti hai. Evening night Mein
continue hoti hai theek hai

[Sales Agent 14:58]
aur Agar maan lo jaise top module ko and you know you need few days so
aise Saturday or Sunday Mein 33 hours ka divide ho jayega theek hai
woh aapko 10 days prior intimate kar diya jaata hai so that you can
make your plans and everything accordingly theek hai

[Sales Agent 15:14]
And during the weekdays self study hai. So basically ye faculties or
industry expert hai. Green room Mein 45 minutes to one and a half hour
ka electric suit karte hai. Jo aapki portal pay upload ho jaata hai
starting of the week Mein

[Sales Agent 15:27]
thik hai and vaha se you have to vahan se you have to go through it to
ya toh AAP poore 5 days 35 minutes nikalo right ya fir Ek Wednesday ko
AAP dhaai ghante nikalo dedh ghante Friday ko nikalo. Thats up to you.
AAP woh kaise go through karte ho par wo Ek continuous flow of
learning hona chahiye kyonki dekhab data science theoretical domain
toh hai nahi Ki Saturday Sunday padh le aur ho Gaya right thoda
continuous learning bhi chahiye right? If you need a proper proper
transition

[Sales Agent 15:53]
interview me you have to deliver right? Jo AAP seekh rahe ho that you
have to deliver also right? So isliye and yes overall Agar AAP mujhe
puchhoge to Ki kitna ghante Mein invest kar raha Hoon to in a week AAP
barah se pandrah ghante invest kar rahe jismein se chhah ghante aapka
weekend hai theek hai module to module Ek module Mein barah ghante bhi
ho sakte hai pehle dedh mahine second module Mein ho sakta hai pandrah
Tak chale jaaye right jab dedh ghante K pre recorded lectures honge
AAP ye hai aapka learning SAB Sir now uske baad aapke live doubt
clearing session hote hai toh sirf doubt resolve karne ke liye hote
Hain

[Sales Agent 16:25]
to wo pure 7 days hota hai. Morning 7:00 to 11:00 AM evening 8:00 to
10:00 PM to kabhi bhi aapko doubt ya query hai right aapko bas mujhe
AAP note down kar Lena Jo bhi doubt ya query hai. When you are going
through the curriculum aapko Google karne Ki jarurat nahi hai. Next
weekend live lecture Ki wait karne Ki jarurat nahi hai. Har rose
morning or evening Mein ye teen ghante subah do ghante shaam ko doubt
clearing session hota hai. Jab bhi bhi aapko time milata hai 51015
minutes ka depending on kitna bada ya chhota aapka doubt hai. Get into
one of these sessions, ask your questions woh poora answer karenge Ek
faculty hamesha present rehta hai

[Sales Agent 17:01]
and you can come out of it theek hai Sir technically before the live
learning aapki rose ho gayi Agar AAP chaaho to right If not based on
your convenience just doubt your query who get into one of these
sessions explanation law and come out of it. Thats how feasible it is.
Theek hai. Now

[Sales Agent 17:17]
I will tell you about the admission process and the fee structure
before that. Anything else specifically? After which puchhment?

[Customer 17:23]
No, no abhi koi.

[Sales Agent 17:26]
Perfect dekho. Admission process? Yeah, admission process aapko

[Sales Agent 17:31]
referral code to already hoga na aapke paas

[Sales Agent 17:34]
aapki sankhya.

[Customer 17:37]
Ayushman bataya kuchh referral vagairah hai but kaise use hona hai kya
wo thoda mujhe kuchh.

[Sales Agent 17:41]
Inform Fill karte hai dekho AB university ka program hai AAP jab apna
bachelors karne Gaye honge to university ne koi aapko fees Mein
deduction to diya nahi hoga unless you are some minority or something
correct? So us cases Mein so abhi kyonki online format of learning se
university apna course karati hai toh Agar aapki Ki alumni ko jaanate
hai right? Only in those cases so aapke fees Mein se kuchh Kam fees
kuchh Kam ho jaata hai

[Sales Agent 18:05]
thik hai jyaada difference nahi padta hai but Ek advantage rehta hai
rather than Jo log normally admission lete hai theek hai toh AAP
application form jab hum fill karenge usmein ayush ka referral code
pincode karne aane pahle Mein aapko nap karungi ayush ke andar fir
aapko referral code use kar Lena toh application form Mein hi lagta
hai. Agar vahan se miss ho jaata hai toh then AAP referral advantage
nahi le paaoge theek hai. So aapka Jo student portal create hoga

[Sales Agent 18:32]
university or upgrade K end se usi pay aapko kitna fees waive off ho
Gaya hai woh dikh jata hai. Usually I have seen 15

[Sales Agent 18:41]
to 20,000 K business fees Kam hota hai postgraduate program ka I think
15,000 is Jahan Tak mujhe Pata hai par wo hum application form fill
karte hai dekhenge total fees of the program aapka 3,00,000 twentyfive
hai Okay jismein se Agar aapka application accept hota hai initially
toh AAP 25,000 admission fees karenge pahle aur baki ka fees ka PMI
Mein convert kar sakte ho

[Sales Agent 19:04]
within 6 days ya fir wine cart Mein pick up at your credit card matlab
jaise aapko feasible hai theek hai initially 25,000 AAP pay karte ho.
Thats triple IT online offline of the admissions key sale Mein theek
hai application process ke liye pahle AAP application form fill karte
ho AAP direct pay triple IT ka aur fir Ek selection test hota hai.
Jisme starting criteria is there minimum because university a triple
IT is a big name right? So obviously we would not want key people just
come and take the admission. So what Sir intense janana chahte hai Ki
AAP matlab proper transition leke ka paaoge Ki nahi toh they have a
normal selection test

[Sales Agent 19:39]
jisme logical reasoning and aptitude ka mix sort of questions rehta
hai and what ko clear karna hai uske baad Admissions committee profile
review karti hai based on your experience test and IS qualification 75
feet per batch hota hai. Agar usmein se aapka profile suitable hai.
Aapko immediately offer letter AA jata hai admission letter okay sub
track aapka student portal pay aapko poora admission fees kitna pay
karna hai tuition fees kitna hai wo SAB aapko visible ho jaata hai
aapka Jo personal portal.

[Customer 20:07]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 20:08]
Thik hai, that is the whole process.

[Customer 20:11]
Toh main jaise Agar jaisa aapne test ke baare Mein bataya abhi mere ko
in case clear nahi Hua.

[Sales Agent 20:18]
In case.

[Customer 20:20]
Rule rehta hai.

[Sales Agent 20:20]
Nahi toh dekho uske do chances hote hai. Sir theek hai test lene ke do
chances hote hai pahle Mein maan lo Agar clear nahi hota hai to as per
policy in my difficulties nahi hai AAP khud hi dekhoge but even
otherwise Ek program expert rehte hai woh answer khali matlab sacche
obviously who AAP hi ko clear karna hai

[Sales Agent 20:36]
right? But then Agar kisi question Mein AAP attack Gaye ho toh. He can
assist you with it. He can help you understand the question. But I
have not seen any commerce background ke bhi log matlab Jo banking
Mein kaam karta hai unhone bhi clear kiya hai toh. I dont think so
aapke liye isamen difficult hoga

[Sales Agent 20:52]
Thank you haan AAP matlab software engineering se belong karte ho. So
I am hoping I am back you to attempt the address Mein the age to clear
hoi jayega AAP usaka attention Matlab okay theek hai and plus aapka
advantage bhi to hai na AAP reference se aaye hai na to usme higher
kahaan pe aapka application kyon my first rehta hai jisame log refer
Hoke aate hai application kyon Ek Jo hota hai toh usame pahala
preference referrals ko diya jaata hai

[Sales Agent 21:19]
theek hai usmein you shouldnt have a problem at all theek hai. So
Maine aapko details hai poora send kar diya first. Now tell me one
thing abhi na 6 seats ka left ye vala batch ke close hone ke liye. I
want to know from you kyonki I wish ko reference team Mein call kiya
tha right

[Sales Agent 21:34]
AAP isase pahale se close Hua aur scholar should be waive off for that
toh usase pahle hum application form it will fill kar lete hai.
University ka await karte hai jab wo update karti hai toh application
form aapka fill karna chahte ho.

[Customer 21:46]
Maam Ek do din Mein kar lete hai.

[Sales Agent 21:50]
Kal Karne

[Sales Agent 21:51]
kyunki Sundays we dont work Mondays or Thursdays for credential
release hota hai right aur chhah hi seats hai so I dont think you will
just se ooper woh bache hi right so Agar hum.

[Customer 22:05]
Thoda Monday ko de sakte hai maam.

[Sales Agent 22:08]
Sunday ko AAP free nahi rahoge if not tomorrow.

[Customer 22:12]
No, I will not see tomorrow that.

[Sales Agent 22:14]
Time half at nahi Sunday bol rahi Hoon main half an hour ke liye login
kar sakti Hoon Sunday ko kyonki dekho Ek advantage rahega kyonki Agar
cheese aata hai na to AAP automatically reference to rahega hi ayush
ka lekin aapka next batch Mein kuchh hota hai aur aapko I am not sure
ayush Nagar bataya Ki main AAP unse pooch lo.

[Sales Agent 22:32]
Every financial year fees increase hoti hai abhi jaise last year
financial year se pahle 2,00,099 tha see or AAP bhi dekho it is
3,00,000 twentyfive post financial year 3,00,078 pay shift ho raha hai

[Sales Agent 22:42]
to uske baad Vale back Mein fir aapka seat bhi badh jaata hai.

[Customer 22:46]
Ji maam to.

[Sales Agent 22:48]
Us hisab se toh main kaam karati Hun main aapko Kal Ek baar pin karati
Hun. Okay you let me know There are pandrah minute nikaal sakte ho toh
theek hai. Nikaal mujhe Sunday ka time do main apna bhi Ek baar dekh
lungi mere kya appliances K according Ek 2015 minutes se ooper nahi
lagta hai 1520 minutes ka buffer time nikal ke at least hum
application fill karke chhod denge theek hai kyunki main charge
vagairah proceed jaise karoge na to Monday ko credential a jaata hai
uske baad sing karne Mein bhi profile line lagta hai

[Sales Agent 23:16]
hai na kyonki 93 days ka policy ko aata hai. Usase pahale Agar seats
close ho jaate hai okay toh koi matlab hi nahi banata fear.

[Customer 23:25]
Issi aur Gandhi Ki mere ko thoda sa

[Customer 23:28]
theek hai maam jaise AAP kya nahi chaliye hum is tarike se maam Parson
ko chat jaise AAP kahe koi time AAP nikaalenge abhi kuchh.

[Sales Agent 23:34]
Karunga maam aur.

[Customer 23:36]
Hum incident Ki bharatiya hai theek hai maam who matlab activation
bhar denge condition

[Customer 23:41]
fir ye mera Jo website pay code dikha raha hai woh 29th February dikha
raha.

[Sales Agent 23:46]
Hai.

[Customer 23:47]
Isase pahale AAP matlab wo mera Jo test hona wo ho jayega AAP mere
hisab se

[Customer 23:54]
to uske baad Jo boot.

[Sales Agent 23:55]
Camp hota hai maam.

[Customer 23:56]
Jo for everyone rehta hai kya rehta hai Matlab.

[Sales Agent 23:59]
Wo kya pure bank ke poore 75 working professionals Jo join karte hai
unke liye hota hai boot camp kisi age ke liye hota.

[Customer 24:07]
Hai boot camp.

[Sales Agent 24:10]
Han Han for that triple IT ka hamari Kali for bat triple ITK 75 seats
karte hai na saal Mein Tino Jo batches hote hai woh pure 75 working
professional stocks hai. Boot camp optional hota hai kuchh log Jo
dekho AAP jinko already shayad aisa aata hoga wo chhod dete hai

[Sales Agent 24:26]
thik hai toh unake lie who break ho jaata hai fir okay aur Jo karna
chahte hai because hum toh hamesha yahi advice karte hai Ki Agar Ek
boot camp mil raha hai woh bhi complimentary aur tumko Python do bar
ho Gaya na karne ke liye to jab Wella module start hota hai to AAP
already thoda well prepped rehte ho Ki Han theek hai. Ye toh Maine
boot camp Mein kiya hi hai aur woh bhi live boot camp hai na ye bhi
nahi hai Ki aapko Udemy hai Ki cheese Ki taraf wo chala diya videos
chala diya wo instructor hai toh Python K experts hai. Python engineer
woh karate hai aapko.

[Customer 24:53]
US boot care Mein Ek to Python hoga

[Customer 24:56]
aur kuchh bhi hoga maam.

[Sales Agent 25:00]
Kya hoga.

[Customer 25:02]
Main Ek to Palakon Padhaaenge boot camp.

[Sales Agent 25:04]
Mein kuchh aur hi kuchh aur bhi.

[Customer 25:05]
Introduct Karenge Boot Camp.

[Sales Agent 25:09]
Mein

[Sales Agent 25:09]
jaise Ki naya aur uske inbase to formulas hai na pulse woh bhi to
cover hoga numpire Tinder Han unki Jo.

[Customer 25:16]
Any type of exclusive.

[Sales Agent 25:18]
No no, SQL will not be there. Okay okay okay woh usape queries kaise
run karni wo aapko data 2 wicket Mein bata denge matlab pahle module
Mein bhi to kuchh complete karna hai. Woh Python ka boot camp hai, SQL
ya power BI ka nahi hai. Usmen Sir Python aur uske libraries ko focus
kiya jaata hai.

[Customer 25:35]
Okay, okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 25:36]
Theek hai theek hai maam. Perfect so

[Sales Agent 25:42]
ye details toh Maine aapko bhej diya hai aur koi doubt ya query hai
aapka.

[Customer 25:46]
Nahi main Bach Hua tha AAP mujhe thoda clarify kar deti maam kitna
mujhe finally kitna discount milana hai toh thoda sa Pata chal jaata
mere ko.

[Sales Agent 25:54]
Toh AAP mujhe kaam karo AAP mujhe evening Tak ka time toh main aapko
message pay bata deti Hoon hai na ayush ka bhi program Mein Ek baar
hum log ye confirm kar lete hai toh exact referral ye discount karta
chal raha hai

[Sales Agent 26:04]
thik hai. Reference ticket to Kitna waiver ho raha hai theek hai.
Provide 15 to 20 ke Beech Mein hoga par Ek confirmed exact figure Mein
Ek baar penalty in the course with you theek hai.

[Customer 26:12]
Aur bhi aur kuchh additional discount maam aapke through Jo bhi hai
jaise bhi rehta hai kuchh.

[Sales Agent 26:16]
Wo bhi Jo nahi karta hai, unfortunately MATLAB AAP Ellen saan bhi ho
puchhate ho unfortunately you know nahi hota hai AAP jaanate ho
university AAP triple IT offline campus pay jao PD diploma key fees
hai 7,00,020 aur uske liye bhi aapko CAD gate ya examination clear
karna padta hai main isme aaye toh milata hai admission

[Sales Agent 26:34]
online format of learning the fees aadhi ho jaati hai. Kyonki poora
infrastructure cost aapka Kat ho jaata hai haan lekin Ek advantage Jo
AAP bana sakte ho wo yahi hai jaise ayush Hain right abhi AAP bhi Ek
learner jab banoge upgrade Ki upgrade ka ye to advantage hai na SAB
kuchh AAP university se karte ho But as an SI hum bhi aapko kuchh
benefits dete hai toh aage chal ke vote karte hue Anil baat kab Agar
AAP kabhi kisi ko refer karte hai right?

[Sales Agent 26:59]
For reference ke aapko bhi jaise aapko ayush K reference K through
fees Kam ho jata hai AAP woh Kam ho raha hai. Kyonki unke through koi
admission le raha hai Jo as an alumni use ho sakta hai toh aapko Kal
ye program complete karenge aur AAP jaisa hi koi pressure aaye hai na
pressure in the time not in this media fresher but manlo one to 3
years to experience loks right So usmein kya hai Agar unko kuchh
guidance chahiye toh AAP who alumni sessions le sakte hai. Is
university aapko ye option deti hai?

[Sales Agent 27:28]
Kya pahala manai Ki tarah unse interact karte ho apna journey explain
karte ho and Agar wo admission lete hai right? So university pays you
for it right? As an alumni, university aapko monetary benefit deti hai
Okay fir AAP Agar kisi ko refer karte hai right? During the course of
the program ya kabhi bhi right? So aapko fir se monetary benefit
milata hai toh aise jaise argha Mukherjee hamare most prominent alumni
hai. Jinhone PG se khat karke masters kiya refer karte karte aaj ke
time pe wo Golden Gate University se doctorate kar rahe hai.

[Sales Agent 27:59]
Machine learning Mein

[Sales Agent 28:01]
thik hai the ye advantage aapke paas rehta hai

[Sales Agent 28:04]
kyunki dekho AAP university AB hamaara program ko hai nahi aur
university jitna.
