[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello. Yeah. Hi, Raji.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Yeah, I am Praveen calling from Upgrade Education. How are you doing?
Yeah. So Rajesh, I can see that you have been exploring our upgraded
website, right, Regarding machine learning and A I courses, am I
right?

[Sales Agent 00:20]
Yeah. So can we discuss, I have a discussion on program regarding your
program or it goes and all,

[Sales Agent 00:27]
yeah. So Rajesh, I just want to understand a bit about your profile
before going to the program. So like your IS qualification and your
work experience can I know?

[Customer 00:39]
Okay, I paid that less in computer science. Computer engineering

[Customer 00:46]
and I am calculating

[Customer 00:48]
yeah, I completed into double 22.

[Sales Agent 00:51]
Okay 2027.

[Customer 00:54]
Yeah, I am currently data engineer at 4:00 0.5.

[Sales Agent 01:01]
Okay. Which company?

[Customer 01:04]
4 point X Industrial Analytics.

[Sales Agent 01:07]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 01:10]
so you you have years of experience. How many years of experience the
data, including

[Sales Agent 01:16]
one year?

[Customer 01:17]
Plus 6 month of internship.

[Sales Agent 01:20]
Okay. One year and 6 months of internship.

[Sales Agent 01:24]
Okay. So

[Sales Agent 01:27]
Rajesh, I just want to understand what particular course I just
received a mail from you regarding you been activated in machine
learning and a I course right. So I hope you have a knowledge in
programming languages and tools. I hope you you are actually from
totally from CAC background and also I hope you have a person
percentage above 50 percentage right.

[Customer 01:50]
Yeah, what?

[Sales Agent 01:51]
You have in a like in a B tech. You are passing percentage graduation.
I hope you have.

[Customer 01:57]
Personal percentage amount 50 Percentage

[Customer 02:01]
9 point.

[Sales Agent 02:01]
2 CGB Great great, great. So I just want to tell you one thing Rajesh,
So coming to the program we do have post graduation program and also
Masters degree. Okay

[Sales Agent 02:14]
where you will be completing your post graduation from Triple ITB
Bangalore, Okay where you will be getting proper certification from
the Triple ITB Bangalore itself. In the certification nowhere it will
be mentioned as you have completed through online or through upgraded.

[Customer 02:31]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 02:32]
Where upgraded Will Upgrad will be collaborated with many universities
to get a proper college degree.

[Sales Agent 02:41]
Okay its like as good as like off off Ankish

[Sales Agent 02:47]
okay. So coming to the Master where you will be completing your degree
from Liverpool John Maurice University which is located in UK

[Sales Agent 02:56]
University University

[Sales Agent 02:58]
Liverpool John Morrish University.

[Customer 03:01]
Okay okay, Liverpool only.

[Sales Agent 03:02]
Yeah, so these are all the universities which are like higher one
technical universities okay. Which will mean the concentrate on the
like technical background itself like software, Skype.

[Sales Agent 03:16]
Yeah. So coming to the program, Rajesh, this particular program will
be duration of 13 months of duration postgraduation program.

[Customer 03:25]
How much? How much?

[Sales Agent 03:26]
13 months of duration 13 Yeah 31 3

[Sales Agent 03:33]
yeah so in a 13th month of duration in the first 6 months you will be
learning all the like you will be having a Python bootcam. Also
complementary you will be getting a complimentary for 2 months where
you will be brushing up the concept and all like as you are already in
a field of IT right. So I I dont think so you will be required Python

[Sales Agent 03:56]
And all. I hope you know you got Python language right.

[Customer 04:00]
Yeah, yeah, I know very well, yeah.

[Sales Agent 04:01]
If you don't, if you don't know in case we will be providing you a
Python board camp as a complimentary for 2 months there for the break
up thing you will be learning all the basics of Python And then you
will be entering to the directly machine learning app Ki. So where you
will be working on assignments and case studies and gaps on projects
like real time industry projects will be working on. SO

[Sales Agent 04:27]
in after submission of the first 6 months you will be adding 2
electric okay

[Sales Agent 04:35]
in the 2 electives you will be having analogues. One option and one
more elective is that there is way to a I.

[Customer 04:42]
Genuine, yeah.

[Sales Agent 04:44]
Genitive I. So accordingly, in a first 66 months, whatever you have
learnt, you will be getting an idea right? Whether I should go to the
ML office or should I go to get a, I go to right.

[Sales Agent 04:57]
So accordingly you will be choosing one elective and you will be
working on that elective and also you will be start getting placement
option also like you will will be having a job portal and we do have a
top recruiters like Amazon and Myntra,

[Sales Agent 05:12]
Okay and Sir Microsoft these all top recruiters we have and so after
first 6 months and you will be having a placement opportunities also
Okay. So you can try to in case if you find any like in a job portal
you will be receiving a notification right. If you feel like I want to
go into this particular company organization, you will be choosing
that particular company and you will be applying for that And if you
receive any offer letter

[Sales Agent 05:43]
okay like before going to the interview we will be arranging a mock
interview. Also like with the hiring managers like who are us
completed like through update and got settled in one of the top MNC
something like Microsoft like that like alumni will be arranging a
meeting with Alumini and we will be having carrier mentorship and
carrier assistance and like high performance coaching and all. So it
will be one on one session.

[Customer 06:13]
OK.

[Sales Agent 06:14]
OK. So then later on, so coming to the market, it will be duration of
19 months.

[Customer 06:22]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:23]
Yeah in the 19 months you will be getting you will be receiving 2 like
given certification like in the 13 months you will be completing same
like post graduation program from triple ITP will be receiving a
certificate from that and later on remaining 6 months you will be
completing your masters from Liverpool January. So this is how it
works on from our end and this is a it goes for post graduation
program.

[Sales Agent 06:49]
Yeah coming to the station you will be having from Monday to Friday
you will be having recorded session okay Rajesh. So in a meanwhile
from Monday to Friday where you will be spending at least 2 hours so
for which you need to spend at least for 15 hours of duration. So per
day you spend 2 hours of duration where the session are going to be
recorded. So in the meanwhile you will be having 2 slots like in the
morning 7:00 to 9:00 AM and in the evening 8:00 PM to 11:00 PM. So

[Sales Agent 07:20]
within 2 slots we will be having subject matter expert sitting in the
life system. So where, if you have any doubt, resolution.

[Customer 07:28]
Sir.

[Sales Agent 07:29]
You can enter into that session and clarify whatever doubts you have.

[Sales Agent 07:35]
Okay this will be recent everyday recorded like Sir, life is in like
subject matter. Experts will be sitting in the line and they will be
clarifying your doubts.

[Customer 07:44]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:45]
Okay coming to the life insurance It might be on Saturday or Sunday as
per the availability timings of the industry experts or it might be
from the triple ITP faculty.

[Sales Agent 07:56]
Okay. Same likewise from the Liverpool dont worries also.

[Sales Agent 08:00]
So if you are like free today or it might be tomorrow, we can have a
virtual meeting where I will just show you the game of a program,
entire program. Like who are the one faculty is going to teach you?
Like what are you going to do and what are the expectations of the
completion of these program

[Sales Agent 08:19]
and how much RO you are you are getting like return of investment?

[Customer 08:23]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 08:24]
Yeah, so and all. So can I know if you don't mind what is your current
CCC, Rajesh, if you don't mind.

[Customer 08:32]
It's 4.5.

[Sales Agent 08:34]
Okay 4.

[Customer 08:34]
0.5 Yeah.

[Sales Agent 08:36]
So kindly you know the value of machine learning and data science as
you are a field of some software itself. So you know how the demand
and how the competition is there for next 20 to 30th. Also there is
lots of dinner right? Yeah,

[Sales Agent 08:51]
and the fresher is earning nearly like 48,00,005, 8 whether is having
knowledge of this particular program right and latest technology
obviously we need to obstace.

[Customer 09:02]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 09:03]
So these are it works. So do you have any doubts? Right. I just want
to know.

[Customer 09:09]
Not right now. So we talk about that virtual statement, right?

[Sales Agent 09:16]
So when are you available? Like today or tomorrow.

[Customer 09:20]
Because actually I am working this Monday to.

[Sales Agent 09:23]
Friday. So can we have like Saturday? Yeah, sure. Saturday At what
time? In the morning is that fine for you?

[Customer 09:33]
Like you are available.

[Sales Agent 09:35]
Yeah, Rajesh.

[Customer 09:37]
Sir, what is your availability bill on the Cabinet? No.

[Sales Agent 09:40]
No, it is 9 like in the morning to evening like 6:50, 5 for me.

[Customer 09:46]
Okay, so 11 is okay for you.

[Sales Agent 09:49]
11:11 AM is 5, Sir.

[Customer 09:52]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:53]
Yeah, I did block your calendar on Saturday at 11:00 AM. Okay Okay.

[Customer 09:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 09:59]
Yeah, we will have a virtual session and where I will just show you
the demo for program and if you are fine with the program we can
complete an application. Regarding that you are showing interest
throughout the machine learning and a I to the University of Triple
ITB family

[Sales Agent 10:14]
where the university will provide you scholarship also.

[Customer 10:20]
So can you send more details in my email?

[Sales Agent 10:24]
Yeah, I will share you the brochure of our program. So just go through
the brochure and also just want to tell you one thing Rajesh, like
there is a referral campaign going on up track. So after you enrolling
the program and if you are ending your friends or colleagues or
relatives who are interested to upkill like machine learning or data
center whichever course they are, they are willing to like if they are
even they are enrolling with your referral code. Where you will be
getting a cashback of 20,000

[Sales Agent 10:54]
like depends upon the program they are choosing. So if they are
choosing machine learning and a I or it might be data science or a I,
you will be receiving a cashback of 20,000.

[Customer 11:04]
So 20.

[Sales Agent 11:05]
1000 yeah this 20,000 will be not receiving only for one time. So how
many people you are sending those like you are making your referral
code used by like 123 people that will be multiplied.

[Customer 11:19]
Okay. So it is like cash or something?

[Sales Agent 11:25]
Cashback itself. There you can whatever the current you are keeping to
the program, you can just decrease by itself by giving your providing
your referral quote right?

[Sales Agent 11:36]
Yeah, you do have that option also.

[Customer 11:40]
What is the average salary like candidate gain whichever like for this
courtesy.

[Sales Agent 11:48]
So coming to the placement and what they can expect. So currently you
are earning 4.5 LPI, right? So after completion of this program. So
just there are many learners to our schedule

[Sales Agent 12:03]
in which so there is a learner who has come from like like doctor
background

[Sales Agent 12:09]
okay we have been told for like data science and a I.

[Customer 12:14]
So.

[Sales Agent 12:14]
Now they are earning nearly like 21,00,000 MP

[Sales Agent 12:19]
like that. So you can expect like average salary around like we got
highest salary around like 1.53 CR like that,

[Sales Agent 12:29]
okay 1.3 CR like that and average salary which you can expect nearly
57 percentage like that.

[Customer 12:38]
15% is what is the same.

[Sales Agent 12:42]
Means like after completion of this program you will be having a high
package itself.

[Customer 12:48]
Okay so.

[Sales Agent 12:49]
One question, yeah, but depends upon the learner. How the learner is
up? Skilling is also important, right?

[Customer 12:57]
Now.

[Sales Agent 12:57]
There are 2 learners who is keeping more interest and got up still
everything in whatever little thing is there in the concept. You are
still in completely overall in the machine learning and A I and there
is one more learner who is just learning for the namesake got introl
and not showing much interest.

[Sales Agent 13:17]
So now you tell me we will be getting a high package so you for the
payment opportunities and for the salary act you don't need to like
feel key. You will be getting a less package because whatever current
you will be keeping for the program obviously it will. It should be
worth enough, right?

[Customer 13:37]
Yeah, yeah,

[Customer 13:39]
one question. So what is?

[Sales Agent 13:42]
Lowest.

[Customer 13:45]
Delivery every any candidate can.

[Sales Agent 13:49]
Your voice is breaking, Rajesh. What is the lowest?

[Customer 13:53]
Planner is any candidate gets from that

[Customer 13:59]
I.

[Sales Agent 13:59]
Will tell you one thing, Rajesh. So now for the program you will be
keeping like here on it will be costing around you like 3,35,000
included of taxes.

[Sales Agent 14:12]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:14]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 14:16]
Yeah am I audible? So this particular program post graduation program
which will be completing from 888 B, it will be costing you around
3,35,000 includer of taxes where you will be paying lock amount of
25,000 to reserve your seat and remaining amount. Whatever it is there
and whatever scholarship you receive, you will be paying with the EMI
option. Yeah, no cost CMI option and standard EMI options too. Okay.

[Customer 14:44]
So.

[Sales Agent 14:45]
What? Yeah, yeah. So coming to the thing what You have asked me.

[Customer 14:50]
So.

[Sales Agent 14:51]
You are keeping 3,35,000 and no one will expect that. I just want like
4 LPA to get settled and 5 LPA got settled right?

[Sales Agent 15:02]
So obviously you will be expecting larger packages itself, right?

[Sales Agent 15:08]
So what I am trying to say is the package our loaner has got is 1.23
CR highest. So where you can expect in that average salary I got 50
percentage.

[Sales Agent 15:21]
Got my point?

[Sales Agent 15:24]
Yeah. Am I clear? So now you tell me, now you tell me paying, paying
3,35,000 to the program and you will be having job opportunities with
the highest package itself. Now you tell me, will you choose the
highest package or will you choose the lowest package?

[Customer 15:43]
Obviously I will choose highest but I want like low expiry.

[Sales Agent 15:49]
You just want to,

[Sales Agent 15:51]
So what is the difference that is?

[Customer 15:53]
Like ever get.

[Sales Agent 15:56]
You if you come to the virtual city, I can just show you the alumni
school that has got enrolled and got settled in, Microsoft and all. So
that is the reason I have said you that we can connect on a virtual
meeting. See, rather than a call discussion, I can, I just can't prove
you or show you right.

[Customer 16:15]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 16:15]
Yeah it could be not really fixed if I just if we connect on the
virtual meet where I can just show you the demo of our program like
how it is running and who are the alumnus completed and what settled
And you have one more option also like one of our you can even connect
with one one of our alternate like who are completed their journey
through Upgrad and God settled in Microsoft. You can have a discussion
with one of our alumni also got in settled in Microsoft

[Sales Agent 16:45]
you have that option also.

[Customer 16:47]
Okay so. Like.

[Sales Agent 16:48]
Like.

[Customer 16:50]
Till the meeting time, can you just bring it?

[Sales Agent 16:54]
Fine. Bye,

[Sales Agent 16:56]
we will have a discussion today with the alumni.

[Customer 16:59]
No lets just.

[Sales Agent 17:02]
Need.

[Customer 17:02]
For like what you are showing me now if you.

[Sales Agent 17:05]
Want to have it? We just show you the demo for program with me. Then
later all you want to have a discussion with Alupunai, right?

[Customer 17:12]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 17:13]
Yeah, sure. I will just. Yeah. Got it.

[Sales Agent 17:18]
Today you want to have virtual meeting?

[Sales Agent 17:21]
Yeah. At what time should I block your calendar, Rajesh?

[Sales Agent 17:26]
At 5:00 PM,

[Sales Agent 17:29]
Yeah. Then I will just block your calendar at 5:00 PM And also you
make sure that you will be joining Okay.

[Sales Agent 17:36]
Yeah. Thank you so much, Raju. Do you have any more questions?

[Customer 17:41]
Yeah, what is the mode of the examination?

[Sales Agent 17:45]
What is the mode of?

[Sales Agent 17:47]
What is the?

[Customer 17:47]
Examination.

[Sales Agent 17:50]
Examination.

[Customer 17:51]
Yeah, yeah, so.

[Sales Agent 17:52]
Coming to the thing, it is not like whatever program you will be
learning. It is not like pen and paper you do in. It is not like
something you will be doing like whatever colleges you have done
writing exams and all. The thing is you will be considered on your
assignment and case studies and projects whatever you are doing. So it
depends upon that it will be calculated on that case studies and
assignments and projects.

[Customer 18:20]
Okay okay it.

[Sales Agent 18:21]
Will be completely hands on experience. You will be having a hands on
experience, yeah,

[Sales Agent 18:28]
Yeah. So this is how it goes on.

[Customer 18:32]
Okay

[Customer 18:35]
then it will.

[Sales Agent 18:36]
Make today.

[Customer 18:38]
And little further.

[Sales Agent 18:40]
Yeah, Rajesh.

[Customer 18:42]
Yeah, like.

[Sales Agent 18:44]
Today and this time

[Sales Agent 18:47]
today, I am saying that leave at 5:00 P.

[Customer 18:50]
M and discuss further.

[Sales Agent 18:51]
Yeah, yeah, done, done, done. Yeah, sure. I will just block your
calendar at 5:00 PM And can you confirm your mail ID Rajesh?

[Customer 19:01]
Yeah, what it is that's good.

[Sales Agent 19:05]
Just a second.

[Sales Agent 19:10]
One second. Yeah. So zero. One. Rajesh Malviya,

[Sales Agent 19:15]
right?

[Customer 19:16]
Zero one, Rajesh.

[Sales Agent 19:18]
N Malviya. Yes, yes, yes. Got it. I will just share you through the
WhatsApp and also through the mail. You will be receiving the link. So
join at 5:00 PM. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much, Rajesh.
Good to know you.

[Customer 19:32]
Yeah, have a.

[Sales Agent 19:32]
Great day.

[Customer 19:34]
Thank you too. Bye.
