[Customer 00:01]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:05]
Hello.

[Customer 00:07]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:08]
Hi, good evening. Am I talking to Mr Sandeep Singh?

[Sales Agent 00:13]
Sandeep, I am Kashyap from Upgradation How are you?

[Sales Agent 00:17]
I am.

[Customer 00:17]
Good. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:18]
Yeah thats it. Actually I am calling you because you are searching
your website a few days back looking for some of the spelling courses
right?

[Sales Agent 00:26]
Yeah, actually, I I wanted to.

[Customer 00:28]
Look at the syllabus. So what? All is being passed.

[Sales Agent 00:32]
Okay okay Alright so Sandeep, before that I would just like to know
about your educational background that what job you are doing and what
about your educational background. Just check the education.

[Customer 00:45]
I have a master in computer application

[Customer 00:49]
that was back in 2009.

[Sales Agent 00:51]
So currently.

[Customer 00:51]
I am working as a senior software engineer.

[Sales Agent 00:56]
And since how many years you are working as a senior?

[Customer 00:59]
Officer

[Customer 01:01]
as a Senior Software Engineer engineer. Its been like 4 years.

[Sales Agent 01:06]
4 years? And what about the total work experience?

[Sales Agent 01:10]
Its 15.

[Customer 01:11]
Close to 15 years.

[Sales Agent 01:14]
OK, close to 15 years.

[Customer 01:17]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 01:19]
Fine, so as of now Sandeep, which kind of process you are looking for?
Looking something into data science only or you want to learn
something into machine learning and artificial intelligence?

[Customer 01:30]
Actually, I wanted to know about those fees, so I was just exploring
machine

[Customer 01:36]
training and a I.

[Sales Agent 01:38]
Okay, okay. Alright.

[Sales Agent 01:44]
So if I talk about like, first of all I will talk about the data
science. What data sciences? Actually

[Sales Agent 01:51]
data science is something in which we basically use the programming
tuition languages to make the unstructured data into a structured way
and there is a whole team involved to that In that there is there are
the data engineers, data sciences, data analytics analyst and business
analytics. So these people just do the whole procedure of

[Sales Agent 02:12]
from mining to making your data into a uniform performance so that we
can take the useful insight of our right.

[Sales Agent 02:22]
And a I is something which is helping these things to go in a smoother
way and it automates most of the things and it saves a lot of time,
right. And being a senior software engineer if you are trying to enter
into these kind of industries so it is quite easier for you and also
relevant for you to enter into this because I have seen many of the
profiles like you only who has done this course and now they are
setting at some big positions in some big companies also

[Sales Agent 02:51]
the higher packages right. So one thing I can make sure that currently
if you are making a decision to upgrade yourself you dont even have to
quit your job, you can just join a post from a flat because we are
providing the courses mostly self giant for the working professionals
only. So we can join that and learn side by side and you can just go
ahead with the program, right?

[Customer 03:15]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:16]
Yeah. So if I talk about the machine learning course, so

[Sales Agent 03:23]
the courses that we are having are already coming from the top notch
universities like reply to Bangalore, It is the India's number one
private Technical University, right?

[Sales Agent 03:35]
Okay Yeah

[Sales Agent 03:37]
and there are like 20 plus programming tools and languages covered
into their like pandas, NLTKNM, 5C, born open CV, rest, a PIAW
expenses sensor to my SQL these kind of tools and there is a whole
library of it.

[Sales Agent 03:55]
Then we confirm to the generative a 2 slash mid journey ChatGPT
hugging space pahale to bees or not included into this post. And the
very good part is that on the weekdays you will be getting the
recorded lectures and on the weekends you will be getting to learn by
live lectures that are

[Sales Agent 04:15]
the faculties will be from stability Bangalore only

[Sales Agent 04:18]
okay. So they will be directly coming to teach you on the live classes
and there is a support of doubt resolution classes of 7 days a week.
Anytime you if you face any doubt you can just contact to Aparadhi and
you can just align a session with the professionals.

[Customer 04:36]
Okay got it.

[Sales Agent 04:39]
By the way, in which company you are working as of now?

[Customer 04:42]
Currently

[Customer 04:43]
I am with visa.

[Sales Agent 04:46]
With visa okay So what you are actually day to day care includes like.

[Customer 04:53]
Day to day actually it's like we are working on the products. There is
a lot of data we deal with and

[Customer 05:07]
its majorly its on maintain currently but I have worked on Unix and.

[Sales Agent 05:13]
Windows as.

[Customer 05:14]
Well, okay okay, so

[Customer 05:18]
on main friends. And it's like day in and day out,

[Customer 05:21]
we are mostly writing and

[Customer 05:26]
maintaining the old one.

[Sales Agent 05:28]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 05:31]
So like what kind of the data are from the different different
industries or there is a set of data from the?

[Customer 05:38]
Visa. Visa itself generates a lot of data. No, Visa is card,

[Customer 05:44]
you know. So they themselves have a lot of data which gets generated.
So

[Customer 05:52]
all the time we need to see that it is going out in proper format. It
is coming in proper format.

[Sales Agent 05:59]
We are able to extract values.

[Customer 06:02]
Things like that.

[Sales Agent 06:04]
Okay. So like by seeing this I think that data science is a course
that can help you in this because you will be learning the the data
tools as.

[Customer 06:15]
Well but yeah I understand what where I where you are going that The
thing is that I know that in my.

[Sales Agent 06:23]
Current position.

[Customer 06:25]
It won't be of any help that is

[Customer 06:29]
that I know because.

[Sales Agent 06:29]
Yeah, you you know it better than me, right? Because you are already
working in that right?

[Customer 06:35]
And Monday school but I I, I.

[Sales Agent 06:37]
Just wanted to.

[Customer 06:39]
Learn it.

[Customer 06:40]
Learn it for myself.

[Sales Agent 06:43]
Just wanted to be.

[Customer 06:45]
At.

[Sales Agent 06:47]
So I just jump on to the course that I would provide you for machine
learning and artificial intelligence that you are already searching on
the website of.

[Customer 06:54]
That right?

[Sales Agent 06:56]
I will be giving you a brief about that and then you can just stop me
wherever you find. Any questions Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:03]
So basically this is a course name that post graduate program in
machine driving and artificial. It is a advocate of progressive
program that is covering cash GPT. You carry 2 minutes journey GNM
right? These kind of things into it

[Sales Agent 07:17]
and recently Deloyed has reviewed the survey of a brats and it came to
note that 5 out of 6 members are getting the positive carrier outcomes
after doing this course

[Sales Agent 07:26]
that is so.

[Customer 07:27]
Obviously this is certification or a degree or what is.

[Sales Agent 07:32]
See, it is a It is a postgraduate program, which is a healthcare
postgraduate program. Okay.

[Customer 07:38]
Or you will be providing.

[Sales Agent 07:41]
Postgraduate degree.

[Customer 07:43]
Or aurat sthuma or or certificate right?

[Sales Agent 07:48]
See there will be a certification that would be there from Triple ID
Bangalore only and I will be just giving you a sample certification.
You can check it on your WhatsApp okay.

[Customer 07:59]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, thats.

[Sales Agent 08:01]
Fine, so after completion of that you will be giving you will be
getting the certification from that and also you will be getting an
alumni status from Triple IT Bangalore.

[Customer 08:09]
Got it, okay.

[Sales Agent 08:10]
Right so that you can mention it in your CV and I have told you about
the tools that are covered into this. The whole library of tools like
pandas, numpy, NLTK, stebon and many more are there and ChatGPT mid
journey has been paid direct to also relatively to us for into this

[Sales Agent 08:30]
if you talk about the instructions for a INML course. So there is
Chandrasekhar Ramanathan who is Dean of academic at Triple IT
Bangalore.

[Customer 08:38]
He.

[Sales Agent 08:41]
Will be also being there for 30 and there is best Anand who is CEO of
Ramnath. Like

[Sales Agent 08:48]
these kind of people are going to be your faculty

[Sales Agent 08:51]
if I come on the syllabus. So you will be getting fixed and replace of
learning hours with 15 plus of case studies and assignments. Because
it is the course which is so practical because it is obviously
designed for the working professionals and we dont provide any
information that is unnecessary. Everything that you are going to
learn, you will be making the project for that. So you will be getting
15 plus case studies and assignments to make and 6 practical hands on
project. You know what caps on project is.

[Sales Agent 09:21]
You might be knowing about that.

[Customer 09:23]
Yeah, it's like at the end of the degree normally we have to submit
project like that,

[Customer 09:32]
no.

[Sales Agent 09:32]
Actually you have to submit the project. But The thing is caps on
project is something in which you are making the project with a group
of people like you. Only your batchmates will be with you and you will
be making some projects with them so that

[Sales Agent 09:47]
so that you can have some interactions and you can learn that how to
solve the problem and all right you will be getting a good opportunity
to network as well.

[Customer 09:57]
Yeah, yeah. Understood.

[Sales Agent 09:58]
Yeah, yeah. So

[Sales Agent 10:00]
this is the whole curriculum that is there into this course.

[Customer 10:04]
And after duration.

[Sales Agent 10:06]
Of this course

[Sales Agent 10:08]
it is for.

[Customer 10:09]
It's.

[Sales Agent 10:10]
It's for 13 months.

[Customer 10:12]
13 months, Okay?

[Sales Agent 10:15]
And also there is a complementary Python board camp for 7 weeks.

[Customer 10:20]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:21]
End of this course and you will be learning about all the things that
are important to learn machine learning and artificial intelligence,
right? If you talk about,

[Sales Agent 10:31]
if I talk about the classes, so on the week days there will be the
recorded lectures that you have to take. That is so flexible that you
can take at any point of time whenever you are getting free and on the
weekends you will be learning by live lecture. There are 2 slots
available, one is at morning and the second one is at afternoon. So
basically 15 hours of learning is recommended throughout the week. You
can manage it accordingly. You will be learning

[Sales Agent 10:55]
one or 2 are on a daily basis and you can cover on the weekends so it
will be easier for you to complete that.

[Sales Agent 11:03]
Okay and okay.

[Sales Agent 11:06]
Any questions? Any doubts?

[Customer 11:09]
No, nothing. I got list of it and the duration and what is being
taught, what we will get at you. Yeah, Yeah. So yeah, I understand.

[Sales Agent 11:20]
That if you if you want to know about the syllabus furthermore and you
want to see some profiles that are there who have done this course
previously because it is not a new course, it is a trial and tested
course running from 7 years and people are obviously getting the
positive career outcomes. That why I am recommending you the stores
and if you want to see that data you can just come over a video call
and we can have a proper discussion on it. I will be showing

[Sales Agent 11:44]
you the syllabus that is there, what the things you are going to make
your projects and all and some profiles like you only you have got the
transition or upgradation in the same to me after doing this course
that how was it beneficial for them.

[Customer 11:59]
Okay and Okay can you?

[Sales Agent 12:01]
Can you tell me the?

[Customer 12:02]
Cost of this.

[Sales Agent 12:05]
Hotel. See if I talk about the procedure. So first of all, you have to
give one online eligibility test that is for 40 minutes with 18
questions, right?

[Sales Agent 12:20]
Like there will be 10 questions from mathematics and aptitude and
reasoning and there will be 8 questions from programming.

[Customer 12:26]
Itself, right? Right.

[Sales Agent 12:28]
Okay then the second step is when your profile is reviewed and your
your clear test and will be receiving the shortlisting email. So after
receiving that, you can block your seat by playing paying the block
amount okay. In this

[Sales Agent 12:43]
case, you have to pay a block amount of ₹25,000 to reserve your seat.
That is nothing but a part of fees for me.

[Customer 12:49]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:50]
Later on after

[Sales Agent 12:52]
doing that your seat will be there and you will be getting a 7 days of
time period to cover the whole amount. Either you want to go for the
upfront payment or you want to go for the EMI. Its your choice.

[Customer 13:05]
Got it.

[Sales Agent 13:05]
Okay. The total amount of fees is ₹3,35,000, including of.

[Customer 13:10]
Taxes. Got it,

[Customer 13:12]
330.

[Sales Agent 13:13]
5 Yeah, Yeah.

[Customer 13:15]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 13:16]
There are some EMI plans as well if you want to go for the upfront
payment and it is well and good. Otherwise if you want to go for EMI,
so there are 2 EMI options.

[Sales Agent 13:26]
One is low cost EMI and the second one is standard EMI. So we are
having several loan partners as well from which we can provide you
some loan.

[Customer 13:35]
Okay and yeah.

[Sales Agent 13:39]
So this is how.

[Customer 13:40]
I

[Customer 13:43]
okay, okay. I I have the point. I think about it and then maybe we.

[Sales Agent 13:49]
Can just we can just do one second week, we can just align a video
call with you

[Sales Agent 13:55]
so that we can have a owner interaction and I will be showing you
about the EMI plans, about the projects and about the data that how
the people got transaction. Some alumnus of the course was already
done this course so that you will be getting a clear idea that how the
course looks like because it is a big investment you have to make
right. So before that you should see learning about these things that
what is, what are you going to get after doing this right? And what is
the outcome that you can expect after doing this post.

[Customer 14:25]
Yeah, I understand. Okay so.

[Sales Agent 14:31]
Can we have?

[Customer 14:32]
The call that call on Sunday.

[Sales Agent 14:34]
Yeah, Yeah, sure. We can have that. Yeah. Yeah, we can have that.

[Sales Agent 14:39]
So just have a look on the process that I am going to send, I will be
sending a email as well. Just travel up on that and in case you face
any doubt just tell me at that time and otherwise you will be just
connecting over video call on Sunday so that we can have a proper
discussion. You can take up all the doubts that you are having.

[Customer 14:58]
Sorry.

[Sales Agent 15:00]
I am saying that you can take up all your doubts on the video call.

[Customer 15:04]
Okay, yeah. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 15:07]
And if required, you can just align a alumni connection. Also, we are
having several alumnis who have already done this post. They are the
people. They can guide you the best in that case if you want to know
about the credibility of the course.

[Customer 15:19]
No, no, I am fine with the session with you. That's Okay, is there?

[Sales Agent 15:23]
Anyone from your circle who has already done this course from upright
or any other course.

[Customer 15:30]
I not that I am aware of, but I think my company also has some tie up
with some of the organizations I dont know.

[Sales Agent 15:41]
Might be, might be.

[Customer 15:42]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 15:42]
So.

[Customer 15:44]
They have some a IML courses and all.

[Sales Agent 15:48]
Yeah, because many of the learners that I am having, The thing is some
of the other persons on their circle have done already done the
course. So they have got the clear idea. Sir, if there is not anyone
we can just connect to a alumni, that will be really useful for you.

[Customer 16:07]
Okay, Maybe I can take a call on that afternoon after that.

[Sales Agent 16:11]
Have a one hour discussion after that we can discuss about that.

[Customer 16:15]
Okay,

[Customer 16:16]
okay. Thank you.

[Sales Agent 16:17]
Okay Sandeep, thank you. Have a nice day.

[Customer 16:19]
Thanks and we will.

[Sales Agent 16:20]
Be we will be connecting on Sunday.

[Customer 16:21]
Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
