[Customer 00:03]
Hello. Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Hello. Hello.

[Customer 00:09]
Yeah, tell me am.

[Sales Agent 00:10]
I speaking with EMA Imanjan.

[Customer 00:14]
Right.

[Sales Agent 00:17]
Is it your good name, John?

[Customer 00:20]
My name is Andrew.

[Sales Agent 00:22]
Sorry.

[Customer 00:23]
May I know with whom I am speaking with?

[Sales Agent 00:25]
Okay. So actually this side Modi, I am calling you from upgraded
education.

[Customer 00:30]
Okay, yeah, I requested a call back.

[Sales Agent 00:33]
Yes, yes.

[Customer 00:34]
So I have some true queries. Can I ask them?

[Customer 00:41]
So I went through website and I I am like more interested on data
science and you I okay and I am currently a pipe developer

[Customer 00:54]
555.

[Sales Agent 00:57]
Okay.

[Customer 00:59]
It is also like data engineering domain.

[Sales Agent 01:02]
Sorry.

[Customer 01:04]
Its like that. I mean like data engineering domain,

[Customer 01:10]
are you getting your?

[Sales Agent 01:11]
Point.

[Customer 01:13]
And like I am looking into some PGDM postgraduate diploma

[Customer 01:20]
and I could find that there are 2 programs like one with 12 months and
another one with 8 months.

[Customer 01:27]
So I need to know the difference between them.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
Okay, so you basically explore for the both the data science with the
lightly Bangalore University, right?

[Customer 01:38]
Sorry, can you be a little slow and clear?

[Sales Agent 01:42]
Yeah, yeah. So I am asking you that you basically both programs you
want through the same university, right?

[Customer 01:50]
Same from ID no. In upgraded website. I went through and I could find
there are 2 programs postgraduate Programming, Data Science and a I
YouTube that is from my triple U Bangalore and another one is also
postgraduate certificate in data sent for me which is like 8 months.
This is also from IIT Bangalore.

[Customer 02:16]
So

[Customer 02:19]
yeah tell me whats the difference between both of them and how it
works?

[Sales Agent 02:24]
So basically it is an 12 months.

[Sales Agent 02:29]
This program is for PG program

[Sales Agent 02:31]
okay and the other 8 months duration program that is in a
certification program into PG okay. So where you cant find the
specialization?

[Customer 02:42]
Understood.

[Sales Agent 02:42]
In 8 months, yes, yes.

[Sales Agent 02:45]
So in the 2.

[Customer 02:46]
Months.

[Sales Agent 02:48]
So in that specialization is nothing but job role. So where depends
upon your selecting a specialization. If you if you can check the
website also so curriculum is different. So here in certificate
program your having the data tool kit machine element course 3E one

[Sales Agent 03:12]
so.

[Customer 03:12]
Into 12 month program.

[Sales Agent 03:14]
No, no. This is for 8 months program.

[Customer 03:17]
So can you come again? Tell me.

[Sales Agent 03:20]
Data Tool Kit. Machine Learning

[Sales Agent 03:24]
and Code 34, Deep Learning and LLC.

[Customer 03:30]
Tata tolegate then.

[Sales Agent 03:33]
Machine learning.

[Customer 03:35]
OK then.

[Sales Agent 03:36]
Then course 3 for D planning, NLP and business analytics based upon
your interest, yes.

[Customer 03:45]
Yes,

[Customer 03:45]
43%. What is that meaning course 3?

[Sales Agent 03:48]
Sorry,

[Sales Agent 03:50]
what is the premium of

[Sales Agent 03:52]
43 is nothing but based upon your interest you need to choose the this
option.

[Customer 03:59]
Okay either the main course is divided into 3 sections. Course one is
that are told there

[Customer 04:08]
goes to the ML.

[Sales Agent 04:11]
Yes, machine.

[Customer 04:12]
Maam and go 3 like I have to choose anyone.

[Sales Agent 04:16]
Yes, yes. So there is no difference between a coach but here here what
happened in this 88 months duration

[Sales Agent 04:27]
you are completing this module and in in the TG program you are extra
doing like cash on project with the university faculty. So last 2
months duration

[Sales Agent 04:39]
Sir, where you need to submit that fax on project to the university
faculty. Based upon that project you will be getting the PG
certification.

[Customer 04:49]
Okay,

[Customer 04:50]
this is without, yes, yes.

[Sales Agent 04:53]
And yes, yes this is only the certification you are getting not seeing
so here in 12 months duration where you will be getting the proper PG
certification. So for the yes, yes at that is equivalent to the one
year PG diploma,

[Sales Agent 05:12]
so.

[Customer 05:12]
How is it like you want?

[Sales Agent 05:14]
To yes, yes.

[Customer 05:16]
So if you want,

[Customer 05:18]
give me give me a minute. What kind of delivery would I get? Like M
tech? Something like PGDM.

[Sales Agent 05:25]
Yeah you will be getting the 3 GDM certification only yeah

[Sales Agent 05:31]
but in the certificate you dont get that only certificate only you
will be.

[Customer 05:36]
Getting first year.

[Sales Agent 05:40]
Yes, yes. So for the 12 months duration course you will be getting the
4 CGPL okay, so 4 CGPA out of 4 CGP you need to get 2.4 CGPA to get
the satisfaction.

[Customer 05:56]
2 GM.

[Sales Agent 05:57]
Yes, yes. And and it is converted into the 36 credits because it is
equivalent to the one year PG diploma from Canada

[Sales Agent 06:08]
Okay.

[Customer 06:09]
So more time, no wait wait, can you be little slow?

[Sales Agent 06:13]
Yeah, yeah, Okay.

[Customer 06:15]
Okay sure

[Customer 06:17]
I have to get like 2.4 CGP out of 4 to get back right? And

[Customer 06:22]
it is from IoT Bangalore, right?

[Sales Agent 06:24]
Triple IC, Bangalore.

[Customer 06:26]
Then your router is selling. You told from my college name.

[Sales Agent 06:31]
So what happens? It is equivalent to the one year PG diploma from
Canada.

[Customer 06:37]
That means

[Customer 06:39]
remove from Canada.

[Sales Agent 06:41]
That means it is Wes recognised course.

[Sales Agent 06:46]
WEL World Educational Services. OK,

[Sales Agent 06:51]
World educational services recognise which course. So once you have
completed this, if you want to articulate into the masters, OK, so
Masters is in a global certificate right?

[Customer 07:06]
Yeah, I understood. So it is equal to Kannada diploma. Kannada equal
which university?

[Sales Agent 07:12]
Any university, yes, yes, any university you can articulate into the
any other university from USUK, but it is because licensed by Canada.
But you can articulate into different countries also,

[Sales Agent 07:27]
yeah.

[Customer 07:30]
Okay. So yeah, some. OK, so so this is 8 months and this is 12 months,
right? For the 4 months I will be doing.

[Sales Agent 07:40]
Project

[Sales Agent 07:41]
project you are developing with the university faculty, so one.

[Customer 07:46]
1

[Customer 07:48]
4 months.

[Sales Agent 07:49]
No, no. You are not developing in the 4 months. Last 2 months you are
doing that

[Sales Agent 07:55]
so curriculum so remaining 2 months. Also you are going with this like
this

[Sales Agent 08:03]
concept if you are choosing deep learning or NLP. Basically what
happened in this 6 month you are completely into the same data science
and machine learning courses only but net physical you are choosing
the specialization based upon this. So karikiram bhai it is different.

[Sales Agent 08:22]
So last again, your last 2 months you are developing the project and
this 2 months you are again studying.

[Customer 08:30]
That would be elaborated. Yeah,

[Customer 08:34]
both courses are.

[Sales Agent 08:36]
Same.

[Customer 08:37]
Right.

[Customer 08:37]
What they will be doing learning for 6 months.

[Sales Agent 08:41]
Data science and machine learning you both study field.

[Customer 08:47]
Yeah, Okay.

[Sales Agent 08:49]
Can I understand like like what was your exact requirement? Like you
are looking for the PG right?

[Sales Agent 08:58]
So like is there any motivation to do this? Is there any specific
reason to do this because you are already working as a data engineer?

[Customer 09:09]
I am. I am. I am design engineering. But I am mute. I am not.

[Customer 09:15]
I am very new to a INML&A node a NMLI am just working as a EPL
developer

[Customer 09:24]
in the in that.

[Sales Agent 09:25]
Engine How many years of experience you are carrying?

[Customer 09:29]
I am trying to flash care.

[Sales Agent 09:32]
2 plus years of experience.

[Sales Agent 09:36]
So like, what was your percentage in your graduation?

[Customer 09:42]
It's Sidharth Badam.

[Sales Agent 09:45]
7.2 So you have an understanding into Python right?

[Sales Agent 09:50]
Okay. So then what happens? You are already into the data engineering
like roles you have understanding into Python right? So

[Sales Agent 10:01]
how could you rate yourself out of same screen due to the Jycan
programming

[Sales Agent 10:11]
if you are looking for machine learning and a so this is not a
suitable program for your profile.

[Customer 10:18]
OK then.

[Sales Agent 10:19]
We have a separate program that is completely into the machine
learning A A with the same university that is also the same PGS
program.

[Customer 10:31]
OK, can you share the details? What is the name, Sir?

[Sales Agent 10:35]
Yeah, I will share that details. What happened into that concept
because you are you know very well about that this tool, keep this
curriculum. Did you want, Sir, Did you took the curriculum of this
program?

[Customer 10:48]
Now I am like going through it. I am not like I am looking.

[Sales Agent 10:53]
So where where it what happens Where starting 6 months you are
completely going through the Python this Data tool kit into the
machine learning. You will be developing some linear regression module
Advanced Regression module.

[Customer 11:09]
Okay, move to those linear regression.

[Sales Agent 11:11]
I am using yes. So what happened into that? PG programming, Machine
learning and a a.

[Sales Agent 11:17]
So you are completely lending into the specialization of MLNAA

[Sales Agent 11:24]
understand?

[Sales Agent 11:27]
Yeah, in that in that like machine learning and a E program you are
completely going through the specialization of MLMEE. So where you
will be having the deployment,

[Sales Agent 11:41]
deployment is nothing but elective.

[Customer 11:43]
You are talking about the golden?

[Sales Agent 11:46]
Program.

[Customer 11:47]
Another program

[Customer 11:50]
post Graduate Programming Machine Learning Mai.

[Sales Agent 11:52]
Yes, yes, that is also same university. So what happened

[Sales Agent 11:58]
I okay I will tell you the difference is what is the difference
between the status and EA. This machine learning and E So who are
coming from non IT okay for looking for the IT who wants to take the
transition into that assignment. We basically recommend this for 12
months duration program that I can send you.

[Customer 12:20]
That is what I was talking about.

[Sales Agent 12:22]
Yeah, So who are all? Yes, exactly. So who are already into the ITC?
Who are already into the this analytics background?

[Customer 12:32]
Right, so we basically.

[Sales Agent 12:34]
Suggest this machine I mean a a program.

[Customer 12:39]
Postgraduate program in machine learning.

[Sales Agent 12:41]
That is my 13 month

[Sales Agent 12:43]
duration program so you can check the eligibility also here. So
Bachelor degree which 60 percentage equivalent Marks

[Sales Agent 12:53]
and minimum one year work experience into the technical domain.

[Sales Agent 12:59]
Understood Sir. This program is suitable for your profile if you are
looking for the A and machine learning course. If you want to take
this time session right,

[Sales Agent 13:11]
this program is recommended.

[Customer 13:16]
Okay now my.

[Sales Agent 13:17]
Current currently like which organization you are associated with

[Sales Agent 13:24]
Okay I understood like how do you come across upgraded. Is there any
suggested to your you only?

[Customer 13:32]
Like

[Customer 13:34]
one of my relative is like taking MBA courses from Agra.

[Sales Agent 13:40]
OK, so he basically suggested you

[Sales Agent 13:45]
understood. So basically here you can check with this program Okay, so
completely your deep diving into the concept of MLNA Okay. So you are
currently into the delight, right? You are already working with the
Delhi?

[Customer 14:01]
So.

[Sales Agent 14:01]
If you have like if you want to take the transition once you have
completed this course, if you have any internal job change into that A
and ML because most of the companies they are moving into this project
right.

[Sales Agent 14:15]
So if you want to change that also we have the Courier service where
you can check on website also. So once you have completed this program
you will be getting the alumni status Okay from the university. So the
regular PG certificate you will receive Okay and the both the soft
copies and the hard copies both you will get from the university.

[Customer 14:41]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 14:42]
Okay. So once you have registered to with with this program then
digital library access will be given by the university. Okay because
we are a working professional right? So if you want to do the PV right
so you don't need to quit your job Okay. The main concept we are
providing, why we are providing on online mode is

[Sales Agent 15:07]
so you are already into the working professional, right. So like
offline KA program, what happened it take 2 years to do the PG right
regular PG.

[Sales Agent 15:19]
So where in the 2 years first year you are completely, you will be
having the theoretical classes,

[Sales Agent 15:28]
right? Offline TV I am saying.

[Customer 15:31]
This address can you can you come again? I am lost totally.

[Sales Agent 15:36]
Am I audible now?

[Customer 15:37]
Yeah, you are audible.

[Sales Agent 15:39]
So I am paying this. What is the difference between offline and this
this program I am seeing?

[Customer 15:45]
Offline is I am going to college.

[Sales Agent 15:48]
Yes, yes, yes, yes. So then you are completely working 2 years to take
if you want to do the offline program.

[Customer 15:56]
Right.

[Sales Agent 15:57]
As you are a working professional, that is that is not possible,
right?

[Customer 16:02]
You want to do the.

[Sales Agent 16:03]
Offline. So in the offline what happened first year you are mostly
covering the theoretical concept,

[Sales Agent 16:11]
right? And second year you are developing one project that that
project you are going to submit with the university or any other
college. After that you will be getting a PC, right. So what happened
here? We basically that theoretical concept again. You are studying
maths and this some elective kind of subjects into the first year,
right? We basically that

[Sales Agent 16:38]
that subject, we cut that and again we developed the festivation. That
is completely where you are working with the industrial relevant
because you are a working professional,

[Sales Agent 16:52]
right. So here 70 percentage of the curriculum, 70% of the module you
are more developing the handshone projects okay

[Sales Agent 17:04]
and 30 percentage would be the theoretical concept. Then you should
have the understanding

[Sales Agent 17:12]
OK, so that we developed and and you know very well tribality
Bangalore.

[Sales Agent 17:19]
So it is on a when it comes to the university.

[Customer 17:23]
So it is in a.

[Sales Agent 17:24]
Top Taiwan University in India for the technical education especially
for technical education. Technical education means full full start web
development, Data science, MLNA,

[Sales Agent 17:39]
Sir, these are the technical education we basically associated with
this university

[Sales Agent 17:45]
and it is you know very well like it is funded by Infosys.

[Sales Agent 17:52]
OK. So 60% of the funding will be given by the Infosys company?

[Customer 18:01]
OK.

[Sales Agent 18:03]
OK so that is the reason curriculum wise it is completely

[Sales Agent 18:10]
in depth knowledge you will be getting. Once you have done this you
dont again need to upskill yourself

[Sales Agent 18:17]
next 5 to 10 years down the line.

[Customer 18:19]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 18:20]
Okay and here you are completely frontipless programming tools and
languages you are learning in this 13 months duration. And also you
are covering generative A A tools. OK so because you can check the
curriculum in the 6 months starting 6 months you are completely into
the MLA, Linear regression, Advance regression. Again you are
developing this NLP,

[Sales Agent 18:48]
keep learning function, Natural language crossing concepts and once it
is completed you will be having the deployment where you need to
choose the deployment. OK. So we have 2 deployments that is for MLOS
National Learning Operations and this generative A deployment.

[Customer 19:09]
3 Deployment in elephant may.

[Sales Agent 19:12]
I know this

[Sales Agent 19:13]
deployment is nothing but electric.

[Customer 19:16]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:17]
Okay, okay. So in in our B tech, we have the LSTS, right?

[Customer 19:21]
So where both?

[Sales Agent 19:22]
Basically we choose the if you are by the way like which Padron you
are, Sir in detail

[Sales Agent 19:30]
Computer science only, right? So most of cases

[Sales Agent 19:34]
we basically choose the electives

[Sales Agent 19:37]
in the final year, final semester or 41 semester. So here also same
thing Sir this the main concept of the selective is nothing but so
based upon your selection electric you will be having the job rules
again

[Sales Agent 19:56]
okay. So for the MLOPLT if you can check MLO so where you can apply
for the machine learning like engineer this again Natural NLP
scientist and Deep Learning scientist you can apply for the job rule
that is completely into development side.

[Customer 20:17]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 20:19]
So and that you if you are choosing the generated a concept where you
are like covering the discharge. If you team prompt Engineering, you
know very well right? Please

[Sales Agent 20:32]
these technologies and LLMLLM modules and mid journey these concepts
we are going to cover into the generator.

[Customer 20:43]
Okay so.

[Sales Agent 20:44]
Again based upon your lifting you will be having the job also

[Sales Agent 20:51]
okay so that is not yet decided initially only. What is the electrical
you need to choose once you have completed 6 months. So what happened?
So after completing 6 months, one career mentor will be assigned to
you with the university faculty and the OR else you will be having the
industrial expert for currently

[Sales Agent 21:15]
having 15 to 20 years of experience into the industry okay. So he is
the person who is take take care your career journey.

[Sales Agent 21:28]
Understood. So he will give your give, give the road maam next 5 to 10
years down the line

[Sales Agent 21:36]
because you are having the 2 years of beauty, beautiful experience
into the I.

[Customer 21:41]
T Right so.

[Sales Agent 21:43]
Again, when it comes to the carrier, so again you will be having one
expected CTC growth in your mind, right,

[Sales Agent 21:52]
It is positionally and it is financial, right. So what happened Sir,
which carrier mentor, they will understand your requirement first

[Sales Agent 22:04]
Okay and they will understand what was the targeting companies you
have, What was the targeting roles you have into your current
organization also

[Sales Agent 22:15]
Okay. So what they will do, they will give the next 5 to 10 years
downline the road map Sir, this technology okay

[Sales Agent 22:24]
MLM area technology. Again you are into the like data engineering
roles only, but here again your upscaling vessels, right. So you want
to start your journey into this MLNA because it is at a booming
technology. You know very well

[Sales Agent 22:43]
how much demand is there outside the market,

[Sales Agent 22:48]
right. So they will give you and next 6 months. So completely you are
diving into the concept.

[Sales Agent 22:57]
Okay

[Sales Agent 23:00]
the driving me to the concert. Once you have completed

[Sales Agent 23:04]
this cheapstone project will be again

[Sales Agent 23:07]
you are developing. So captain project is nothing but Sir University
faculty will give one problem statement to you

[Sales Agent 23:16]
okay they will help you with the problem statement. Otherwise if you
have any problem statement in your mind, again you want to develop new
things into the this technology. Okay Sir, they will guide you

[Sales Agent 23:32]
for that problem statement

[Sales Agent 23:35]
and with the help of university faculty and this industrial mentor you
are developing home project, real time project and based upon that
project you will be submitting to the university. You will be getting
the credit, credit components that is nothing but this final that
would be considered into the final CGPA.

[Customer 23:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:59]
That is equal to the marks initially. Like in B tech we basically get
the credit right? A Credit B Credit

[Sales Agent 24:07]
A is nothing, but we basically received 8 CGPA.

[Customer 24:12]
Okay got it.

[Sales Agent 24:13]
Right. Oh, oh, oh. Nothing but 10 KGP out of 1010 by 10 we will
receive. Right. Outstanding. Same thing here you are also get get
that.

[Customer 24:24]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:25]
Okay. So do you have any doubts, Sir John?

[Customer 24:33]
What's the price of this course?

[Sales Agent 24:37]
Sir, the price for this course is ₹3,35,000 including the taxes

[Sales Agent 24:43]
okay. So in the ₹3,35,000 there, you will be getting some scholarship
also.

[Customer 24:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:51]
Once you need to submit the because when it comes to the admission
process, you can check the admission process

[Sales Agent 24:58]
Okay. So there would be another tentative admission process from the
university side Okay. Initially you need to submit application with
your basic details like your educational details, your bachelors, what
was the percentage you are carrying and correct like which industry
you are associated with, wherein, what job role you need to give the
basic details. With that basic detail you will be filling the
application. Once you have filled the application,

[Sales Agent 25:27]
there would be another test for you. Because we will receive many
applications, I would like to my profile right.

[Sales Agent 25:37]
So out of those we need to again shortlist few students because this
this PG is limited for 100 to 160 members only.

[Customer 25:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 25:51]
Okay, it takes every intake

[Sales Agent 25:53]
Sir. What happened yearly basis. Also there will be any 2 index for
the university. So this year, first intake is February 29 this month?

[Customer 26:06]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 26:06]
After you tell.

[Customer 26:07]
Me your you will be.

[Sales Agent 26:09]
Starting next intact that would be the year intake year end in the
month of November or December.

[Customer 26:16]
You will.

[Sales Agent 26:17]
Be understand So Sir, how soon you are planning by the way.

[Customer 26:24]
No, I dont get some examination right. Is there any to prepare or
yeah?

[Sales Agent 26:29]
Yeah, I will tell you that I will help you with that also. So in this
entrance line, basic mathematics, reasoning, aptitude and some coding
questions did last.

[Customer 26:40]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 26:41]
So 18 questions you will be having 44 minutes,

[Sales Agent 26:45]
40 minutes will be given for this 40 minutes for next online test that
is. Also 18 questions will be asked. Out of

[Sales Agent 26:55]
18 you will be having 10 questions from Mathematics, Attitude and
Reasoning, 8 questions from Programming.

[Customer 27:03]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 27:04]
So most of the things you are already aware into this right
Programming only right that engineering you will have in Python this
concept.

[Sales Agent 27:13]
So Mathematics and shatirs where we are going to help you with the
Once you have given the test shortlisting, your process will be taken
by the university.

[Sales Agent 27:24]
Once you have shortlisted official loan, you will be getting the offer
letter from the university. Offer letter will be rolled out to your
official mail ID.

[Customer 27:36]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 27:37]
Sir, once you have like receive the offer letter, you need to pay the
₹75,000 to block your seat.

[Customer 27:47]
After you are showing.

[Sales Agent 27:48]
Yes, yes that is you are showing.

[Customer 27:50]
In that I don't need to pay anything.

[Sales Agent 27:53]
No, no, no, no. Nothing. Okay

[Sales Agent 27:57]
so 25,000 you are paying to reserve the seat.

[Sales Agent 28:00]
Once you have reserved the seat remaining amount would be one you
where you will be getting some scholarship also based upon your
profile after.

[Customer 28:10]
Based upon your profile, you listen how on what criteria?

[Sales Agent 28:15]
Yes, yes. I will tell you that Sir what happened from the university
side there would be an A budget okay for this manushya.

[Sales Agent 28:25]
So what they will do they will check the profiles Okay and if some
someone has some price constant right we basically raise the request
to the university

[Sales Agent 28:40]
okay. So this this profile this person is having some size concern. So
you can help me with the some scholarship we need to raise that
request Okay. So as an LB applicant this again as an LB applicant base
they they will also consider that

[Sales Agent 28:58]
okay. So what they will do in English

[Sales Agent 29:02]
month? We basically applicant early applicant days till this 12th.
Tomorrow is Monday, right? 12th

[Sales Agent 29:13]
early application. Blaze slots earlier Okay. Okay. Early application
base so some scholarship slots they will give for the students Okay.

[Sales Agent 29:29]
So they will like officially they are going to call you okay. So they
will check with the finances. They will explain you everything from
the university okay student point of contact. They will give you a
call to you Once you have filled this application you have given the
test right Sir you are going to call you and they will discuss you
this finances and they will give you the scholarship. So after
scholarship giving the scholarship 25,000 you need to pay.

[Sales Agent 29:59]
Once you have done remaining amount right 3,35,000, 3,00,025 you are
paying and remaining 3,10,000.

[Customer 30:09]
Right in the.

[Sales Agent 30:11]
3,10,000 scholarship will be deducted and remain amount so again so
there would be are a 7 days stack. Okay 77 days start

[Sales Agent 30:23]
before.

[Customer 30:24]
Okay, that is the.

[Sales Agent 30:26]
Thing therefore before. 7 days time will be given to you.

[Sales Agent 30:33]
7 days time. One week time.

[Sales Agent 30:36]
Yeah, you reason is to You need to check with the financial.

[Customer 30:42]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 30:43]
For this remaining amount okay. So this remaining amount if you are
comfortable going with one shirt you can pay one shot okay. Otherwise
he will be having the EMI plans also

[Sales Agent 30:58]
Okay if they are going comfortable going with the credit card EMI or
any other EMI plan we have that. Otherwise we have own finance, pay
finance like this company

[Sales Agent 31:11]
Sir they they are going to help you with.

[Customer 31:13]
That okay.

[Sales Agent 31:16]
So if you are depends upon tenurity. Okay we have a 2 EMI plans, one
is no cost and second is standard EMI. Okay. No cost is nothing but 12
months. Tenurity is there,

[Sales Agent 31:31]
so it would be divided into the triple months remaining balances.

[Customer 31:36]
Yeah, I know now.

[Sales Agent 31:38]
Yes, 18 months or up to one

[Sales Agent 31:43]
day is available.

[Sales Agent 31:47]
Understood.

[Sales Agent 31:49]
Yeah, this how finance will be taken by the university

[Sales Agent 31:57]
Okay. So do you have any doubts till now?

[Customer 32:02]
So you told that there is some financial partners with you, yes.

[Sales Agent 32:07]
Yes.

[Customer 32:09]
So you will like go go through for the EMI process or I?

[Sales Agent 32:15]
Have to go, yeah,

[Sales Agent 32:17]
what happened there would be on a finance team Okay once you have
taken this, right. So again there will be an onboarding process. Okay.
So on onboarding process where you need to submit your documents

[Sales Agent 32:36]
this this documents is different.

[Sales Agent 32:38]
So where you will be submitting your 12th your degree certification
once you have completed on boarding into the finance document where
you need to submit this PAN card, your PAN Card and your Aadhaar card
and your this bank 3 months of facelift Sir bank statement

[Sales Agent 32:57]
Okay. So you will be submitting to the finance team so they will there
would be a process you are you are permitting that onto the portal. So
again there would be any KYC this process it takes like 15 to 20.

[Customer 33:13]
Minutes for processed, yeah?

[Sales Agent 33:17]
So there will finance team is going to help you with that.

[Customer 33:23]
If if is there any like reference discount?

[Sales Agent 33:27]
Yeah yeah again referral you are you are having your send details
right send.

[Customer 33:31]
4 so easily.

[Sales Agent 33:33]
I Sir I tell you right, you need to submit the application right

[Sales Agent 33:41]
into the application process you need. There would be an option called
the referral code.

[Sales Agent 33:47]
Referral code. So you are having your friend the reserl code right? So
you need to submit that referral code on the application.

[Customer 33:56]
Okay. How much will they discount?

[Sales Agent 33:59]
To unto the referral code. Just give me a minute. I am checking with
this one.

[Sales Agent 34:05]
Mhm

[Sales Agent 34:15]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 34:20]
Any change you can check on the website. Also, your friend Reddy MBA,
right?

[Sales Agent 34:28]
Which university basically taken?

[Sales Agent 34:36]
You dont have idea.

[Customer 34:38]
No idea, Okay.

[Sales Agent 34:41]
Sir, because again, best.com the university you are taking. OK,
University.

[Customer 34:47]
I am taking.

[Sales Agent 34:49]
Yeah, you and your child also

[Sales Agent 34:53]
okay if you can check Endorse student for the

[Sales Agent 34:57]
PG you are selecting for P0

[Sales Agent 35:01]
PGMLNAA. So if you are entering this machine, I mean, already your
friend was enrolled,

[Sales Agent 35:10]
so you are getting 20, sorry, ₹20,000.

[Customer 35:16]
20.

[Sales Agent 35:17]
Yes, referral benefit you are going to give.

[Customer 35:21]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 35:23]
Understood.

[Sales Agent 35:26]
So if Sir.

[Customer 35:28]
So

[Customer 35:30]
the year my birth date is like 2,12,000 and

[Customer 35:36]
no I thought the budget my budget is of like 2,50,000 Okay and yeah

[Customer 35:45]
but I am like okay there will be 2 like I am more interested of like
taking this course. Is there any other way that

[Customer 35:56]
you could offer any discounts?

[Sales Agent 35:58]
So yeah, I told you right initially

[Sales Agent 36:03]
some referral benefit you are getting. So where scholarship ka thi
that will be completely taken by the university.

[Sales Agent 36:11]
I will raise the request okay.

[Customer 36:13]
We offer.

[Sales Agent 36:14]
Few I will raise the request once once you have completed your dish
Sir application process, I will raise the request Okay. So you are
going to receive that once you have received the university call,

[Sales Agent 36:29]
Sir, they are going to reveal the discount.

[Customer 36:32]
From your side you cant do anything.

[Sales Agent 36:35]
I,

[Sales Agent 36:36]
I, I am the person I am going to give you that request, right for the
university penalty. So university SOP. Sorry. So they will contact you
directly.

[Customer 36:49]
Dish.

[Sales Agent 36:49]
Discount cutting.

[Customer 36:52]
Understand.

[Sales Agent 36:54]
Sir, if you are available, can I charge up for the virtual maid to
submit this application?

[Customer 37:02]
I need some time to like go through the brochure once and syllabus.

[Sales Agent 37:10]
Because we have many learners from the delictivity, we have many
lenders who has taken this course. This EVG masters Okay Sir. There
are profiles like are we shared the profile, linked profiles OK from
your company

[Sales Agent 37:28]
Okay while I ask the mails to connect virtual mail. So where can I can
show you the data right directly? Okay.

[Customer 37:35]
Okay, I understand. So can we like connect tomorrow?

[Sales Agent 37:38]
Tomorrow at what time?

[Customer 37:41]
Tomorrow evening working hours may be like one.

[Sales Agent 37:43]
So one one thing I can do tomorrow will

[Sales Agent 37:48]
will catch up for a virtual meet where I will invite directly student
point of contact from the reply to Bangalore University. Fine

[Sales Agent 37:56]
Sir, you can directly discuss once you have completed this application
process, they will they will release that, they will check with your
profile and they will give that that.

[Customer 38:08]
Discussion.

[Customer 38:09]
So should I have any resume or something or I have to fill?

[Sales Agent 38:12]
Some form? No no. So where you are, you need to submit the application
on portal only. Total itself, only upgrade portal, yeah.

[Customer 38:21]
First, first of all I will try to understand the syllabus. Once you
will just connect tomorrow you what's your destination actually?

[Sales Agent 38:30]
So I am the I am the like designation you are asking.

[Customer 38:36]
Are you like a manager?

[Sales Agent 38:37]
Or no, no no. I am the program matter expert here.

[Customer 38:41]
Can I can I transfer with manager?

[Sales Agent 38:44]
Yeah, yeah, sure, sure.

[Customer 38:45]
Sir, so tomorrow

[Customer 38:49]
make a way to connect me with manager. I am not sure how to connect
with them. If I missed the call, what's the way to connect with?

[Sales Agent 38:57]
You understood, understood basically what happened recently we had a
conversation but you are I think you are busy that day, right. So that
is the reason I just like I tried to reaching you call back this this
is on our like IDR number you can't.

[Customer 39:13]
Call back to this number

[Customer 39:14]
if I want to contact whatever.

[Sales Agent 39:16]
Yeah, yeah, I will be texting on what, Sir, currently you are active.

[Customer 39:19]
On this number right, Okay.

[Sales Agent 39:22]
I will be give a text on what Sir you you can mention your name
because here that mail ID which I have that is

[Sales Agent 39:33]
that is

[Sales Agent 39:34]
imandu dot.

[Customer 39:35]
John, at the rate so.

[Sales Agent 39:38]
Okay. It's L Okay

[Sales Agent 39:40]
understood Okay so you I will be mentioning my name. Also, my name is
Moujina

[Sales Agent 39:46]
Okay so you can save my name.

[Customer 39:48]
I remember like by November or something I cannot look some manager

[Customer 39:56]
and not sure of his name but we contact through video call and he told
that he could make a discount of like 15,000 additional.

[Customer 40:11]
But due to some financial reasons, my family reasons, I could not join
that.

[Sales Agent 40:17]
Achchha and.

[Customer 40:18]
Now if discount is like given to me.

[Sales Agent 40:21]
Then that is for last batch I guess because I said you right in the
November year and back that is for the year and batch, OK, no issues
this year we are closing this application because due to this
financial year March and March and April. So basically what happened
from the university child there would be an due to financial year.
They are again

[Sales Agent 40:47]
like they are increasing the fee structure in this service course.
Last year you can see 2022 for same post price would be ₹2,90,000,

[Sales Agent 41:02]
2,00,090. This year again financial year they increase it to 3,00,000
thirtyfive ₹1000 due to this generating a A concept there again like
added this genetic A V tools.

[Customer 41:17]
Okay okay got it.

[Sales Agent 41:18]
So the from the English guy I can't like, I can't give that assurance
that I don't have any surety because that would be taken by the
university.

[Customer 41:28]
Side, right. So I have no issues on that.

[Customer 41:33]
I will go through the syllabus and you try to make me connect with the
manager, I will.

[Sales Agent 41:38]
Ask my Sure, sure, sure, sure. Tomorrow we will connect

[Sales Agent 41:43]
so you can help me with the time so that I will drop your balance.

[Customer 41:48]
After 12

[Customer 41:49]
currently I am working. I am not sure whether I could sometimes I am
stuck with some meeting so that is why I asked for any alternative so
that I can connect.

[Sales Agent 41:58]
Okay okay sure I texted on WhatsApp.

[Customer 42:03]
There is one question is like I am very I am I have no knowledge about
a animal okay. Currently I am in the bank role but not into a IML&II
am like president in Python language.

[Sales Agent 42:19]
I have.

[Customer 42:20]
Like developed the Democrats and ETM models okay and I dont have any
proper even 0% knowledge so I will be able to grasp or is there any
prerequisite?

[Sales Agent 42:34]
That is enough. That is enough. If you have a Python understanding
this program eligibility is you should have maturity and with the
Python understanding Python And the channel also that is on a 5 rating
used, you could rate right yourself. That is enough because here

[Sales Agent 42:53]
we stash from Crash only. Okay we are not going to like tattoo in a
depth level concept.

[Sales Agent 43:03]
Again you will be having Python. If you want to brush up your skills
into the Python, we basically provide 2 months Python complementary
Python boot camp.

[Customer 43:13]
That starts from February 29.

[Sales Agent 43:16]
Yes, exactly.

[Customer 43:17]
So February 29, February to March, April 29 till March till April 29,
I will be having only prepared reclasses.

[Sales Agent 43:28]
No, no, no. That is

[Sales Agent 43:30]
that is that is depends upon your insurance

[Sales Agent 43:32]
if you if you are not aware if you want to.

[Customer 43:35]
Get.

[Sales Agent 43:35]
Your name? Haan Haan Haan.

[Customer 43:37]
If I want to join that till April 29, I will be having only prepared
return. After that only our whole official cash will start right? So
April 29 it starts and ends with May 2913 month.

[Sales Agent 43:52]
Yes, yes. So why? Why we? Basically we divide the basket so

[Sales Agent 43:58]
all of the all of the students are not interested to go with the
Titan, right?

[Sales Agent 44:02]
So you are not.

[Customer 44:04]
Interested Will the class start with Sulekha?

[Sales Agent 44:07]
Yes, yes, exactly

[Sales Agent 44:11]
understood. So we basically divided the small groups

[Sales Agent 44:16]
one in one class like we are.

[Customer 44:18]
Having 2 batches going on

[Customer 44:22]
February 29 and.

[Sales Agent 44:24]
Yes, yes.

[Sales Agent 44:25]
Not 2 batches. We divide the 1010 members for one batch. Small group
we divided

[Sales Agent 44:32]
Okay because where you are like if you are into the 101, 50 students
right? You cant get a chance to clear your all doubts.

[Customer 44:43]
So I will be getting a separate quote for me, yes.

[Sales Agent 44:46]
Yes yes. Where you will be having the court is you can interact with
the Co like your friends like your intelligence right? Thats it. You
can interact with them if you get any doubts because they basically
here we like

[Sales Agent 45:02]
trust the hand holding service, we give that hand holding service.

[Customer 45:09]
Just asking, do you have any data like how many people are from South
India, I mean Tamil Nadu,

[Customer 45:18]
so that I can connect with them in 99 in online?

[Sales Agent 45:21]
Yes, yes, you will get that chance also. No issue with that into that
because we have recently we onboarded the students for this Tamil Nadu
also. You get rewarded chance. Also okay

[Sales Agent 45:36]
okay. I think you are comfortable with Tamil, right? Tamil.

[Customer 45:40]
And.

[Sales Agent 45:41]
You aware about Telugu, by the way?

[Customer 45:45]
Do you have any?

[Sales Agent 45:47]
Okay

[Sales Agent 45:47]
okay okay. Because I am from Telangana,

[Sales Agent 45:51]
so I have many Hyderabad.

[Customer 45:54]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 45:55]
Understood Sir. We basically have many friends who are in who are from
Tamil Nadu, Okay I also I have my colleagues who are from Tamil Nadu
in my company also.

[Customer 46:08]
Okay okay got it.

[Sales Agent 46:09]
Yeah, yeah. Then no problem. You will take that, Yeah.

[Customer 46:13]
Okay so how many hours of like hours should I put for this course for
per week?

[Sales Agent 46:21]
Yes, yes, per week you need to give 12 to 15 hours. That is on a
recommendation about per week, so that would.

[Customer 46:29]
Be same for all the course or.

[Sales Agent 46:32]
No, no. It depends upon the course Okay, but we may. Basically you
need to give per weekly most of the courses. You can check that hardly

[Sales Agent 46:42]
10 to 15 hours we recommend

[Sales Agent 46:44]
for the Lander.

[Customer 46:46]
So if I could not, if I could not take up for any one week,

[Customer 46:54]
can I?

[Sales Agent 46:55]
Like yeah, yes, yes, extended. In such cases, you will be having the
extended. Because you are a working professional. You need to give
commitment to your organization, right? And along with that, you will
be having some family commitments.

[Customer 47:08]
Also.

[Sales Agent 47:09]
In such cases, what happened? We are here to help you Okay

[Sales Agent 47:14]
student mentor will be assigned from the starting day only. Okay he or
she going to take care for the complete he is there a responsible for
your journey. Okay if you start. Any case if.

[Customer 47:27]
You start any case will take care of how many insurance.

[Sales Agent 47:31]
Only one student.

[Customer 47:33]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 47:34]
Okay what happened? So personally she will connect with you. Okay, she
or he connect with you and he will explain you everything. If you if
you are like having some workload in your organization, if you want to
take one one liter gap,

[Sales Agent 47:50]
so she is going to help you with that.

[Customer 47:53]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 47:53]
So one week cutting what you need to go like do after one week if you
get one day time or 2 day time that that is your week off. So how you
need to manage to complete?

[Customer 48:05]
This course, Sir he.

[Sales Agent 48:06]
He is going to tell you that so.

[Customer 48:09]
I will be getting the link if I if I am like taking like 4 weeks of
off then I will be getting my degree and month later.

[Sales Agent 48:19]
What happened?

[Customer 48:20]
Regarding the other.

[Sales Agent 48:21]
Yes, yes, that would be the preferral deferral cutting what we
basically take. So

[Sales Agent 48:28]
take. So deferral means that is the leave.

[Customer 48:31]
Due to some.

[Sales Agent 48:32]
If you change in that cases, many of the learners due to workload or
any medical emergency will come right. So we basically give the
deferral. Again that deferral is nothing else. Your

[Sales Agent 48:50]
completing the next month or like you will be getting certificate
after one month or 2 months where you have taken this deferral.

[Customer 48:58]
Right. So that won't affect my effect.

[Sales Agent 49:01]
No, no, no, no, no.

[Sales Agent 49:04]
So that would be limited for one only.

[Customer 49:07]
One month.

[Sales Agent 49:08]
One no no, not one month one referral you can take.

[Customer 49:13]
One deferral in the same.

[Sales Agent 49:15]
One deferral is nothing but one gap you can take. If you are taking
one month or 2 months depends upon your that one

[Sales Agent 49:24]
decoral will be allowed. Again, if you are taking the second deferral
life, that will affect

[Sales Agent 49:30]
your final certification.

[Sales Agent 49:34]
Understood Sir, this is an officially from the university they have.

[Customer 49:38]
Given.

[Sales Agent 49:40]
Yes,

[Sales Agent 49:40]
because most of the.

[Customer 49:41]
Members I am so regarding the projects,

[Customer 49:46]
someone will dial me, right?

[Sales Agent 49:47]
Yes, yes. Again here thought is you are into the small groups right?
Why we have divided into the small group names? Sir you will be having
the assessment

[Sales Agent 49:58]
okay we are developing the project one one person you are not going to
taken for complete right. So there would be any copies copies in
nothing but you are sent so they are going to communicate with you
along with them you are developing the process okay. So and also for
this there would be an individual student mentor okay student body and
along with that individual career mentor is also offend to you

[Sales Agent 50:27]
like your team.

[Customer 50:30]
So credit card like we individually do it.

[Sales Agent 50:35]
Yeah, like again you are developing along with what happened there
would be an A concept with the 2 year deal and again individual
concept you are doing

[Sales Agent 50:47]
it would be divided based upon curriculum again.

[Customer 50:51]
Yeah, look upon the cost.

[Sales Agent 50:53]
Yes, yes course and curriculum

[Sales Agent 50:56]
if you have an understanding like basic fundamentals conducting you
are developing your own way because that is not like difficult thing
to take any like

[Sales Agent 51:07]
help right. So if you are like developing then cake study, case study
and assessment there would be on a group process. You group case
study. You are doing

[Sales Agent 51:18]
group assessments. You are doing, yeah,

[Sales Agent 51:22]
yes.

[Customer 51:24]
Whats your name?

[Sales Agent 51:25]
Mousina I mentioned I texted on WhatsApp.

[Customer 51:28]
He.

[Sales Agent 51:28]
Can save my number. So yeah, so tomorrow we will connect,

[Sales Agent 51:35]
we will discuss in detail Okay what what kind will be the doubts you
are having right for tomorrow. So you can directly connect with the
university also.

[Customer 51:46]
First, I used to connect with you. I will go through the syllabus and
everything you can connect.

[Sales Agent 51:53]
Me with Okay.

[Sales Agent 51:56]
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah.

[Customer 51:59]
Yeah.
