[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello, Hello. Yeah, hi. Speaking with Sir,

[Sales Agent 00:07]
yeah this is any issue also Sir, very good afternoon calling from Agra
Institute. How are you?

[Customer 00:13]
I am good. Tell me.

[Sales Agent 00:14]
Yeah yeah so I am assigned with the counselor suggest Sir. So I will
be answering you to choose the right option courses on the basis of
your requirement. So education, background and work experience. This
can help me with you know to understand your profile.

[Customer 00:30]
Thats why I am an ICWA company secretary. I completed my ICW in 2015,
2017. I started working in Financial services and I am currently also
working in Financial services under credit as well.

[Sales Agent 00:47]
Under credits Okay and like in which company Sir if you are working
for working for Ambedkar

[Sales Agent 00:55]
Okay now what is your plan like what kind of upstilling you are
looking

[Sales Agent 01:01]
I am looking.

[Customer 01:02]
Or for some course and date of time and okay.

[Sales Agent 01:07]
Okay.

[Customer 01:08]
Right,

[Customer 01:10]
and I am looking for a change in my shop

[Customer 01:15]
role from credit to this policy.

[Sales Agent 01:21]
So around like 4 like 6 years of experience you have

[Sales Agent 01:28]
6 to 7 years to 60 and now you are. So what is motivating you? Why you
wanted to change your domain?

[Customer 01:36]
The domain is the same, just The thing is I will get into analytics
maam.

[Sales Agent 01:41]
So like still like you will be learning some technical things. You
will start with you know, HQL, Python, some machine learning
algorithms and all.

[Customer 01:51]
Yeah, because if I have to change my policy, I need to understand the
data,

[Customer 01:59]
right. So lending is complex in India, it is not like.

[Sales Agent 02:05]
So what sort of what sort of program or what kind of course you are
planning, what kind of like do you have anything in your mind? Yeah, I
will do something short term or something. No, no. Like in terms of
short term duration or something like that. And you are looking to
learn everything from a scratch till like proper into info Sir.

[Customer 02:26]
End to end 4 Sir I want everything from that. Since I am working, I
have signed with the screen and constraints as well.

[Sales Agent 02:35]
So.

[Customer 02:36]
That has to be taken care of.

[Sales Agent 02:40]
So for that means like okay. One more thing like did you get any
chance to see any of quotes in our website?

[Customer 02:50]
So I just had a blanch at your website, but I haven't read it in
detail.

[Sales Agent 02:56]
Got it, got it. So till which Sir upgraded offers like 2 to 3 category
of the courses in data science and a I and if I really

[Sales Agent 03:08]
like. If you really wanted to take a transition like upgrade or excel
your carrier from this point of time being into the industry 6 to 7
years working for finance and working to the credit team, definitely
the program which can help you. I am suggesting a PG diploma course

[Sales Agent 03:26]
letting you know about the categories also. That is certificate
category is the one of the category, then the diploma category then
the degree category. Right I am I am offering you a program and
suggesting a program from a diploma category. There is a learn
everything from a scratch okay which can provide you the end to end
knowledge of a technology, how to collect the data, how to do the
analytical part over the data. Where you will be learning about
various technologies like if I if I talk about the data technology

[Sales Agent 03:58]
that ETL pipeline, you will be learning about the normal data which is
available over Ms Excel only the data which is available over a cloud
which we need to manage with the help of SQL right

[Sales Agent 04:10]
category of the data you will be also understanding about the big data
right in the data. Just for for example you are working for Amazon the
daily account, the daily transaction which they are happening in a
millions of numbers. It is very complex also. So the tools which you
will be using that is the big data proof or to map reduce size right

[Sales Agent 04:30]
pulling the heads. Second categories of the analytical part. Once the
data is collected, you converted the data we convert the

[Sales Agent 04:39]
data is going to be you know from unstructured to structured format
that is the ETL pipeline. And after that we have lots of analysis in
the data with the help of tableau power via libraries of Python,
numbiad, pandas, flat plot less. This is going to be covered second
step. Later on you will also learn about the machine learning because
nowadays what we are doing is due to the lot of data and to process
the data in a fast manner. To analyze the data in a

[Sales Agent 05:10]
like inefficient manner, we are using machine learning algorithm to
predict and for the forecasting purpose

[Sales Agent 05:18]
we are not just taking a hit and trial method. We are just creating a
model, training a model with a data set which we already have analyzed
and then model is working accordingly to protect the thing and we are
just creating the report after that. This is what the companies are
doing. So you will be learning about machine learning model, building
a bit of and how to use the model and how to train a model over some
customized data set. This is the program overview at this

[Sales Agent 05:48]
program company. 3 pages like there are 3 pages in the program.

[Sales Agent 05:52]
First of all you will be building the basic foundation. What exactly
the Python is? Mathematics, Statistics, which is required to do it,
SQL and anything Sir. These are the certain things toll free things or
for the fundamentals

[Sales Agent 06:08]
got it right. Then second thing you will start with data side

[Sales Agent 06:14]
and machine loading. So initial 5 months of the program you will be
undergone with a Data Science and Machine Learning where you will
learn Exploratory data Analysis, Data visualization and another tablet
power VI. Some of the linear regression models, logistic regression
models, classification uses if you can please. So this is the data
assignment machine learning case. Last stage is of specialization.

[Sales Agent 06:39]
See you are. It is not like that you will be mainly looking for a ML
part. Its 4 ML. You are not going for a core ML part like deep
learning and more. No you are more looking yourself to use the
mortgage either you can choose. There are 5 specialization in this
program to which Sir one is Data analytics, second is Business
analytics

[Sales Agent 07:00]
so it is Data engineering, Force is Deep Learning and 5th is NLP. So
deep learning and NLP you can just remove from the list of your your
friend.

[Sales Agent 07:11]
You can start with Business Analytics. I I majorly people, I majorly
suggest Business Analyst specialization for the people, those who are
coming from a finance partner. They are very good into accounts. They
are very good into understanding the business. So far they know what
steps to be taken to improve the revenue of the company because they
are the best people. Those who understand the accounts right?

[Sales Agent 07:34]
Hello. Business analytics kind of a specialization will let you know
about how to select a model that is may be a business model, how to
select a ML model. Then time series forecasting on the basis of the
time how you can change

[Sales Agent 07:49]
or do the modification in any of the company model so that company can
grow so the model selection. Then you you will be learning about

[Sales Agent 08:01]
some business models and framework with the help of data science. How
you can

[Sales Agent 08:09]
with the type of data science, how you can take up business decision
with the help of this framework. And last this program is also
equipped with this Penelity VI where you will be learning the advanced
technology which is available right now that is charged team mid
journey and all. So sometimes what happened you have to provide the
solutions. Also suppose you are working for a service based company.

[Sales Agent 08:31]
So at that time initially you will be into a client facing role. You
will be taking the requirement, you will understand the client
requirement and passing this to a data team of the company. Then data
team will do some data collection. Then after that you will analyze
the whole process. Aftering the proper analysis you will provide a
solution in terms of product. So now this generative I is going to
help you to create those products, to deploy with those products and
to make any other changes like charge repeating with Nuggets. Because
you are not the guy who can write, who can take

[Sales Agent 09:04]
and write quote what you will be doing. You will just give the command
to these generative I tools, Okay the write a code or may be you just
make this sort of changes in this particular program because product
is going to be created by someone else.

[Sales Agent 09:18]
You will just modify this fraud Sir product on the basis of your kind
requirement

[Sales Agent 09:25]
Sir. This generated a I part is also covered in the business
ambulative. But best part of this program is still this Sir the
program

[Sales Agent 09:34]
like like you will be getting access of all the 5 specialization later
in your part like later in your career you feel I need to know energy
I need to do deep learning also. So you can refer the program
curricular and you can do the capsule for it and you will able to get
the additional certificate also. However I haven't told you about the
program name. The program name is Postgraduate Diploma in Data Science
and a I. It is offered by Triple IT Bangalore directly.

[Sales Agent 10:02]
It is not a ordinary certificate program and service Sir. It is a
proper PG diploma offered by India's number one Technical University
and after completion also you will get the diploma certificate
directly from campus. You there will be nothing mention of distance
online correspondence to even upgraded. It is one of the longest
running program in India Silgu Sir and we need to have so many
aluminis like close to 25,000 Aluminise who has completed this program
in transit taken a transition into a different seat

[Sales Agent 10:34]
or may be upstilled in their career right. And if I talk about the
aluminium they are available with every company whatever the company
then you can let me know may be like a giant IT company like Google,
Microsoft, TCS, Infosys, Amazon, Flipkart, Myntra. If I talk about the
financials like we have all big scores. Dealloy K, PNG, EYPWC,
Acenture. We have JP Morgan Banks, Barclays, Lloyd Bank. Every RAM
company will say we do have people those are completed this program

[Sales Agent 11:06]
and extell their in their career and also taken of a transition from a
non tech background also it is very easy. So the program has very much
comprehensiveness in the curriculum. So see this is the very general
discussion. We are doing this over the call so fast. What will be the
second step how we proceed the discussion. So we have I have provided
the basic context of the course. Now what I will do is I will try to
share the all information

[Sales Agent 11:35]
so you also try to go through all the information. I will share some
of the alumni profiles also so that you can have a understanding
later. We can connect for a detailed discussion of a program, how and
when the classes are going to be happened and what will be the like,
placement and career assistance we will be providing. So all these
things we can connect back over a Google News session. Right there I
can present my screen and I can showcase you each and everything and
it is going to be verified too for you and you will

[Sales Agent 12:10]
be able to understand in a good manner.

[Sales Agent 12:13]
You can have some more question and queries which we can discuss over
the meet also service Sir.

[Customer 12:21]
So when can you have this Google?

[Sales Agent 12:23]
You tell me like it is going to be in your desired timing whenever you
are available.

[Customer 12:29]
330 today.

[Sales Agent 12:31]
330 today actually

[Sales Agent 12:35]
I am having a meal from 3 to 330 it is going to be a back to back or
may be just give me a SEC. You are available to whole day or today
something we are not working having, you know.

[Customer 12:45]
That I have taken a leave, so I would like to complete everything for
this, Sir.

[Sales Agent 12:50]
Okay, okay. I have taken a lead. Just a second. Just a second. Let me
just check my talent because I am not into my system right now. Give
me one minute,

[Sales Agent 13:06]
Can we do it at 6:00 PM? If you dont mind. Meanwhile you can go
through the details too late,

[Sales Agent 13:13]
3:00 PM you want 3 PMI have a customer targeted name or.

[Customer 13:17]
Whenever you have.

[Sales Agent 13:18]
To it at 3:30 next 2 it at 3:30. Okay

[Sales Agent 13:23]
Okay. Meanwhile,

[Sales Agent 13:25]
this is the WhatsApp number also.

[Customer 13:27]
Yeah, this is my WhatsApp number.

[Sales Agent 13:29]
Yeah. You are saying something, Tell me. Yeah, I wanted some more.

[Customer 13:33]
Refund your placement also.

[Sales Agent 13:36]
Definitely. So for the placement if I talk about we do have a very
good number of placement in talking about see when how you can judge
any of the court. See I am talking about the course not the company.
It is the course by the university and for this particular program
itself we have 85 percentage of the placement. And if I talk about the
growth suppose you are lying because this program is joined by working
professional. So the outcome we can check in terms of salary growth
and

[Sales Agent 14:07]
right so in term in terms of salary growth we are able to see the
people those who are under 10,00,000, they are getting a exponential
salary high of between 70 to 100 percentage. So people those are above
10,00,000, they are getting the exponential salary hike of 50 to 80
percentage and

[Sales Agent 14:28]
more than 20 LPS. They can expect a salary hike of 40 to 80%. So this
will be the bracket. But yeah I I personally throw so many people
those who have got the exponential salary I from the package of 7 LPA
to 17 directly jumping towards the good number of package. It depends
upon how we are providing the placement services and how you are
coaching this Suvidha.

[Sales Agent 14:51]
So So what we will be doing, we will be providing a proper career
coach. Career coach means it is a person who is ICI certified having a
good knowledge of industry, various industry, they will be connecting
with you on a one on one basis. They will be understanding your past
profile on the basis of your past profiles knowledge and the
aspirations you are carrying. May be some different companies, may be
geographical location, you wanted to target a job in USUK, these kind
of countries only

[Sales Agent 15:22]
on the basis of that we will be creating a road map that is the ICP
individual development plan. That IDP is something where the company's
name is going to be mentioned from the background, whatever the
background you are coming from on the basis of that company's name,
top loans which you can talk and some additional task or some
additional projects. Also this program equipped with 60 projects
already but there is a chance if you are looking for some companies or
may be additional some profile. Could you

[Sales Agent 15:52]
should have some additional skills set or may be the project which is
going to give the benefit in terms of shortlisting for your your
resume or shortlisting profile for that particular job bro. So

[Sales Agent 16:04]
they will create that first to achieve to get a achievement of that.
To fulfill that additional part, we are also providing high
performance coaching because these projects, additional projects are
also going to be taken Karna, Yaad, Karan.

[Sales Agent 16:18]
So we will arrange a person in a small group coaching where we will
group 8 to 10 people coming from a similar background finance from the
finance sector. You have 10% for like more than 10% of the batchmates
who are coming home from a finance background or joining this course.
So we will Group 8 to 10 peoples and we will provide a facility those
who will be guiding on additional projects also and that faculty is
going to be from those background only

[Sales Agent 16:49]
the finite bank. So this is the best part. And 5th. Then we will be
starting to train you over the interviews, the technical contest,
technical questions, soft skills and all. So interview training. Last
but not the least this is the training and planning phase. But in
training and planning phase also there are mock entries. Before
appearing for any of the mock is real interview we will provide 3
rounds of mock interview. First is by upgrade Asia, second by career
courses only and 3rd by the person who is working in that company

[Sales Agent 17:19]
because we do really have very good network into the companies of our
alumni.

[Sales Agent 17:24]
Now this is the screening case. Second phase is going to start for
placement. So in placement and part we will provide you the

[Sales Agent 17:32]
pre like upgrade elevate program that is a virtual hiring price where
you dont need to apply. We have 300 plus hiring partners where we have
signed MOU with this. So we will arrange a interview call, interview
arrangement of ECS and all from our end only. You just have to
acknowledge on the basis of your IDP individual development plan,
whatever the job rules are mentioned we will arrange the interview for
the same job also. This is the first thing second upgrade also do have
our own job portal. Tell me

[Sales Agent 18:04]
from your end you can apply

[Sales Agent 18:07]
3rd upgrade has acquired 2 major consulting firms to enhance the
placement services which will provide you a pool of another 1000
company. So we have acquired Recruit India and Wolf India

[Sales Agent 18:19]
and we will provide a premium account of these 2 Sr Consulting firm.
So also. So with the help of these 2 consulting firms, again you will
be having another pool of 1000 companies. There you can seek the
opportunity and last

[Sales Agent 18:32]
but not the least, that is the networking. So really upgraded
networking works at its best because we do really have people working
in every company. After completion of the course you will be the
Aluminium upgrade as well as Aluminium Triple IT Bangalore.

[Sales Agent 18:49]
You added in both of the alumni to it from where you can seek
opportunities from where you can collaborate with people who can
connect with people. That is one of the references portal. You can use
the portal as a references, Sir.

[Sales Agent 19:02]
Got it.

[Sales Agent 19:04]
So these are the some facility apart from that also there are some
others. So we can discuss in detail when we will be on a call whereas
Google meet call and also after this also to you know for a better
decision making of yours, I will let you to connect with someone who
was like you may be 67 years of experience into 5,00,000 has done the
program because last week only I have enrolled one CA

[Sales Agent 19:29]
she was clear and she taken up this particular program. So I also
connected her with one of the senior who has done the program. So that
was a very good conversation they were doing. See even you you can
understand right with a similar kind of a people. So I can also let
you to connect with some senior guy or may be similar kind of a
background people that you have done Sir and got the outcome the
aluminium. So it will provide some more insight. Okay,

[Sales Agent 19:55]
okay okay. Let's see at 3:30 since Sir meanwhile I am sharing you some
of the information details go through that.

[Sales Agent 20:05]
Yeah fee structure is going to be around 3,25,000 for this course.
There are some ways to payment like first of all you have to pay
25,000 after getting selected for this course after giving a cash,
25,000 is a block amount remaining 3,00,000 has been convert into EMI.
There are 2 modes of EMI, 12 months no cost EMI pack and up to 60
months. Interest based EMI plan is available up to 60 months. So
whatever is suitable for you can go for that.

[Sales Agent 20:35]
There are certain discount also. We can discuss about the discounts
also but not these are the university oriented products, not more than
7% of the total fees

[Sales Agent 20:44]
car the discount. So this is the maximum which I am telling you
affirmancy.

[Customer 20:49]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 20:50]
Okay, okay. Thank you.

[Customer 20:53]
Thank you. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 20:54]
Sure, sure. Bye.
