[Sales Agent 00:03]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Hello. Yeah, honey, am I having the word with Sujitha?

[Customer 00:10]
Yes, speaking.

[Sales Agent 00:12]
Yeah. Hi Maam, very good morning. This is Shankar. This side I am
calling you from Applied Education Mam.

[Customer 00:19]
Yeah. Good morning.

[Sales Agent 00:21]
Yeah, actually I see that you have raised an enquiry for a machine
learning and a I course, is that right?

[Customer 00:26]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:28]
Yeah, I actually see you have booked an appointment at at 12:00
o'clock as well. So I believe this will be a good time to have a
conversation, Mam.

[Customer 00:35]
Yeah, definitely it is Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:37]
Alright Mam. So firstly, I would like to know, I see that you have
filled out the form and you have mentioned that you are working in
Vinod, Tamil Nadu, right?

[Customer 00:49]
Yes, I am currently working in Tamil Nadu Police Department department
itself. I am undergoing some books like Data Analyst with a lots of
criminal, Criminal, Criminal Data.

[Customer 01:04]
I have a good exposure in the programming languages like Python And
district one and keep in touch with them.

[Sales Agent 01:10]
And.

[Customer 01:10]
Also I am pursuing machine learning and other things related as data
science like permission learning, learning Python

[Customer 01:19]
And the leading process in internship and I move up and

[Customer 01:25]
you can online course but I want to do some professional certification
from there to the institution so that I can get it in which will help
you for career transaction.

[Sales Agent 01:39]
Okay, so you are looking for a career transition?

[Customer 01:42]
Yeah,

[Customer 01:45]
I already made a resignation in to. Yeah, in the resignation to my
department. So probably this maintained this month or this month I
will receive the resignation order from the department.

[Sales Agent 01:59]
Okay, so did you also try giving interviews, you know in the other
domain like in the corporate side mam so you are trying to get?

[Customer 02:07]
Transferring to the corporate.

[Sales Agent 02:08]
Investigation side.

[Customer 02:10]
Actually, just immediate after my college I joined the same
department.

[Sales Agent 02:16]
Okay, Okay and the.

[Customer 02:18]
13 years I I was, I served in department for 13 years, so this is for
13 years, right?

[Sales Agent 02:26]
I can see that you have mentioned this while I think you were you
know, filling up the form, correct. So I can see your details here.
You have mentioned that the Tamil Nadu Police Department and then
currently you have 13 years of work experience. So when you tell me
you are looking for a transaction maam. So this transaction

[Sales Agent 02:44]
we are looking forward to in in regards to the, you know corporate
career like you are planning to move towards the corporate side or you
are planning to do something about your own like freelancing, how, how
is this?

[Customer 02:57]
The both I would prefer because I am in a marriage proposal search, so
it will be fine for sometimes I go for the financing

[Customer 03:07]
and based on the situation I will choose what kind of an job I will
talk to.

[Sales Agent 03:14]
Fair enough month thats thats quite understandable. So now in that
case like you already mentioned that you have you know very good
understanding in terms of such a Python And SQL and we have been
working on the data analytics identity, right?

[Customer 03:28]
Yeah, yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:30]
And

[Sales Agent 03:31]
you also did mention that you are already doing the certification also
in in regards to you know learning the machine learning and a I
participate they drive into the library, the sub technologies, the
subcomponents of ML. So which which kind of a certification are you
doing? MAM

[Sales Agent 03:47]
and from.

[Customer 03:47]
There it's in. It's not in course which is offered by I Nuran which is
on the Bangalore based.

[Sales Agent 03:54]
Okay.

[Customer 03:55]
And you are now it is cooperated with the PW WALA?

[Sales Agent 03:59]
Achchha okay okay.

[Customer 04:03]
So yeah, most of many people suggest me to take the course which is
not being so

[Customer 04:10]
degree is not naturally necessary for the data thing so that I prefer
that course. It is offered for 15 or 20,000 at a time but

[Customer 04:19]
due to the department pressure I couldn't able to continue further.
But I just

[Customer 04:25]
have a good understanding on the base. It's only the basic the
statistics and innovation and England Recreation classification and
how to apply it into that and gradient descent log and everything.

[Sales Agent 04:36]
Is it basic? But I.

[Customer 04:37]
Want to do some more on that one

[Customer 04:42]
so that just prefer that.

[Sales Agent 04:45]
Alright Mam, that works. And then thank you so much for beating me in
legal like what you are looking forward to. So now like like you
mentioned, so right now

[Sales Agent 04:55]
you have already resigned and you are looking for

[Sales Agent 04:59]
I mean transition also but before that you would want to deep dive
into the topics, learn the you know the detail of it and then get a
proper validation from a proper university. Is that is that your
current priority?

[Customer 05:15]
Even though I have I have a good knowledge though I prefer myself with
with my already subscribed one and doing lot of projects and also but
in this email if I if I mentioned some I have a good certification
from a good reputation education it will definitely will help you for
it will be add on to my receiving.

[Sales Agent 05:36]
So.

[Customer 05:37]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 05:38]
Absolutely maam that that is quite understandable. So in that case
lets do one thing Maam, I mean if you are available now, I will be
sharing with you a total made invite link right there. We can connect
our virtual session and I can take you through the program details by
sharing my screens also take you through the remote platform which
will give you a perfect understanding of the program right. And then
probably you can decide and let me know what do you want to do or if
you want to continue this conversation over a call. If Sir, that's
also fine with me and however you are convenient.

[Customer 06:11]
See I already quit my pottery, so I tell me simple job. It is well
repeated once. So I take my risk to. I already gave the resignation.
Suppose I gave the reception in just 10 days. So I am really serious
on my completion of sending some good completion of the course or
something. So I have to place in some good companies with a good
knowledge and good with good reputated certifications from good

[Customer 06:41]
digital institution in within one year. So this is 2024

[Customer 06:46]
by 2025 I have to place in some companies with a good package because
I already have a 1,00,000 which is a take home.

[Sales Agent 06:54]
Right,

[Sales Agent 06:54]
right. With the, I mean the department job which you had earlier, you
had like 1,00,000 salary there.

[Customer 07:01]
Yeah, it's a take home itself only I have over the some of the
compensations and analysis we started in that so, so

[Customer 07:11]
I don't have many much time to for the delay. So within one year to
pay.

[Sales Agent 07:16]
Okay maam, I can certainly understand that. And just a question out of
curiosity like I mean I I did not see like any any challenges so far
what is whatever discussion you have had. So any particular reason
that you put your past job like from the department wise?

[Customer 07:34]
And the particular reason is just the economy growth is I will not
participate with that

[Customer 07:40]
as the growth is I am, I am really sorry with many it is a unique job
actually, but I am not satisfied with economic growth. Battalion
growth is very, very low as per my expectations. So though I have good
exposure in this kind of a programming stuff, the friends of mine I
have earning the lot of things.

[Sales Agent 08:02]
Right. No, thats true. I mean with yeah with 11:50 years of experience
on an average if you look at a corporate guys, I mean I am not
comparing you because you have been in the different department
altogether. But since you are telling me about the compensation is the
main reason that your leftovers and I see I mean on an average at
least a person gets 30 to 35 LPMI mean having 10 plus years of
experience that is the average which we are getting today. And in the
in that case I mean there are people also who are earning more than 50
MPA given given there are the background they are coming from given
the

[Sales Agent 08:35]
experience they have. So quite understandable in your terms as well
you are looking for that financial growth which is which is what we
are all working for at the end of the day. So there is no you know
question and thank you for briefing me about that. So lets lets go
ahead and have a discussion about the program. MAM what sort of
questions you have, what is that you are reading validity upon. Let me
know then we can. I mean I can I can clear of your doubts.

[Customer 08:59]
The first thing I have to be I have to be clear I have. I completed
only BSc Computer training 30% 9,

[Customer 09:06]
83 years 3 years degree is your GC degree.

[Customer 09:11]
It is in a ICT approve college just for an. I am not done in distance,
it is near Sir college. I completed my degree immediately after that I
applied to in the department and 2011 itself I just checked only in
only only only a gap and in 2011 itself I have joined in the
department. It's it's been 13 years. I don't have any idea to join in
the distance education or distance Marathas because there is no use in
it.

[Sales Agent 09:40]
Yeah, true. Just getting.

[Customer 09:42]
A message is just mention the master is not enough, but getting
knowledge is more important so that I don't want to go for it.

[Sales Agent 09:51]
But now I.

[Customer 09:51]
Decided to come out of it and already come came out. So both of the
institutions not offering the PG for the previously 3 years they are
they either ask for the B tech or the MSE or M tech or the 48 BB 4. So
I dont find any good.

[Customer 10:12]
I dont find any options to apply for even for me market in data sense
in email institution. So

[Customer 10:20]
I am really stuck in here. So that's why I came across this time this
program but

[Customer 10:28]
I can even I I I can't able to apply for the PC but equivalent
certification will help me to get into it so that's why I got it.

[Sales Agent 10:39]
Right, fair enough Maam. So I will give you a clarity here. There is
no such restriction with triple IT Bangalore University that you will
have to come from a 4 years 10 degree or lets say you will have to
have a masters or something like that. A bachelors with minimum 50
percentage is what what we need, right?

[Sales Agent 10:56]
Of course, a little good understanding that mathematics and
statistics, which you are already because you have been working on the
data before, correct So.

[Customer 11:05]
Thats quite there.

[Sales Agent 11:06]
So that is the eligibility wise is not an issue. Second thing you did
mention that you are you are not able to find very good masters like
an online program where you can add a proper masters degree. In fact
let me tell you maam this program which you have looked into, this is
a 13 month course right? Did you get a chance to go through the
details of the program?

[Customer 11:26]
Yeah, sure.

[Sales Agent 11:28]
Yeah, so this is a 13 month course, its a triple IT Bangalore
University which you will associate yourself with and what is upgraded
doing here, upgrade is a technology partner who is helping you connect
directly to that university, right. So there is we are acting as a
delivery partner to you. That means as a learner you directly get
connected with the triple IT Bangalore though you are doing it 100%
online. Also understand this entire course is going to be delivered
100% online virtually as well. There are no physical classes. Okay. So
but.

[Customer 12:01]
Illustrate that the campus semis.

[Sales Agent 12:04]
Is

[Sales Agent 12:05]
not even a changes.

[Sales Agent 12:07]
So that is that is more of like a like once in a once in a year. What
we do is once in a year or twice in a year based on the demand and
based on the requirement we conduct networking sessions. I mean this
is a workshop kind of a thing where you get to go to the university
for 3 day immersion. Thats it,

[Sales Agent 12:24]
I didnt. Yeah you are going there, you are meeting the faculty, you
are exploring your people, I mean the people who have done the
program, you know the networking basically its more about networking
and a workshop will be conducted on generated TI which is again a
recent pay trending technology, correct. So that is that is more about
the emergent debt start which is optional though with the program,

[Sales Agent 12:50]
but yeah, I mean if you want to ask for it you can, but the entire
program is going to happen online like BVC classes, BVT exam,
everything. Having said that though, it is 100% online but you will
get a regular alumni status with triple IP. You will get 36 credit
points as well as a transcript which is your marksheet.

[Sales Agent 13:13]
That means the value addition which is Dhoni, it is as good as
offline. Now this is not the end for the program. Once you complete
this PG diploma, there is also an option for you to convert this into
a masters degree like you are teaching for a masters side. Yes? So
what you need to do for that is for that there is another university
like Liverpool, John Moore University which is based out of London,
UK. So you will have to invest another 6 months with Liverpool. Did
you get a chance to look into that

[Sales Agent 13:45]
by any time?

[Customer 13:46]
Yeah, that is also fine. That is my converted phone to the market.

[Sales Agent 13:50]
Yes you can definitely. And this is not a distance learning program.
Just because it is 100% online that does not mean it is distance
learning. Because in distance learning there is a difference. There is
no classes as such which happen. There are only weekend classes
sometimes conducted. Otherwise you will just go ahead appear for the
exam you get the certificate, thats it right you do also. But here
here it is not necessary so it is online. There will be classes every
week. There will be case studies assignments which you need to submit.
There will be live exams once per quarter which will be conducted

[Sales Agent 14:20]
maam there will be proper evaluation done and then the certificate
will be given. Its not just randomly. You go ahead you take one
example and then you are done. Its nothing like that. So it is a
proper evaluation and proper, you know, delivery of the topics and in
the masters.

[Customer 14:35]
Degree, like I was saying.

[Sales Agent 14:37]
6 months extra you will have to invest for the total 19 months
journey. For now, the 13 months is more than enough for you you to get
a transition. Why? Because if you are gone through the curriculum, you
will see that it is a very comprehensive guide. It will have

[Sales Agent 14:51]
both the conceptual part of the theory and the topic which will be
taught to you and the

[Sales Agent 14:57]
a practical implementation of it.

[Sales Agent 15:00]
So just to just to give the clarity mam. So this program will require
you to dedicate anywhere between 12 to 15 hours on a weekly basis. In
a week you need to dedicate the wallet for 15 hours. So what you will
be doing in this 15 hours. So the delivery of the topics will be a
combination of recorded lectures as well as live lectures.

[Sales Agent 15:21]
So recorded line Sir will be delivered by the faculty of triple IT
themselves, right? The teen academics, the professors, the professor
people like this who will be delivering the recorded modules from
triple IT. Whereas the live lecture will be delivered on Saturday and
Sunday only on the weekends. Because this is a working professional
design program, just in case tomorrow by any time you get any reliance
in work or you get any kind of job opportunity,

[Sales Agent 15:50]
you can still go ahead with Sir with it. Because this program will not
require you to dedicate more than 2 to 2 hours on a daily basis.
That's it. If you are dedicating to us on a weekly basis 14 to 15
hours or more than enough

[Sales Agent 16:04]
for the program, because you are already good with another basics, you
are already good with the fundamentals, so it will it will be much
easier for a person like you, right? If somebody like somebody new to
the program investing one hour, you can complete it in 30 minutes.
Trust me because you are already good with Python. Like you said
Python sequel, you have already worked on it regression techniques you
are comfortable with. So that is where the program will also start
from. Again from the fundamentals of teaching you, you know
mathematical and statistical topics like TDA,

[Sales Agent 16:34]
exploratory data and it is differential facts, hypothesis testing,
then the regression technique like great linear regression, Majestic
regression. Then you will have the other algorithms which you will be
covering like Advanced regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Support
Vector Machine 3 models, right Your unsupervised learning, clustering,
Principal Component Analysis. So these are the fundamentals which will
cover first. Then you will deep dive into the subcomponent of ML which
are Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing. I am sure you
already know this right How deep learning and NLP work and then you
will have to electives to choose from MAM one is based on ML OS and
the other one based on Generative A I

[Sales Agent 17:14]
did you get a chance to go through the curricular you downloaded the
browser.

[Customer 17:19]
No I late night I have received but I didnt if it is anything with
American assistance.

[Sales Agent 17:27]
So,

[Sales Agent 17:27]
yeah, so, so like I was telling this starts from the fundamentals that
deep size into the, you know the subcomponent and then you have ML or
Generative Air. So what is covered in ML or it will cover the advanced
MLP, advanced TV concept and the deployment strategy like how do you
go about deploying the model, the infrastructure management

[Sales Agent 17:46]
right, all of that And in generating a, I like you like you already
know its more about you know learning how to build a LLM model right
like the cash equity, the fundamentals of it, the fundamentals of
quantity engineering, the other generative tools like Mid Journey Dali
to hugging place one of these kind of technologies. And here again you
will also learn how to deploy that model. So here you are getting the
source only between these 21 specialization

[Sales Agent 18:17]
either envelopes or either generated a I and then the program of 13
months will end with a capstone topic. Capstone is going to be a
renewal time industry predict. That means the program is a combination
of both, like I said, the conceptual part of the theory which will be
delivered and then the practical implementation. So thus about how the
format will look like MAM. Now I like to take a pause and ask you what
questions you have.

[Sales Agent 18:43]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 18:45]
so far morning.

[Customer 18:46]
When I request.

[Sales Agent 18:47]
Yeah, yeah, please.

[Customer 18:48]
Yeah, how many months it takes to choose between M, ox and generative?

[Sales Agent 18:56]
Okay, so if you look forward to the duration I will I will give you a
rough calculation mam. So for the last 4 months I mean last one month
you have this caption topic right? And for 4 months you will have this
generative A I specialize 17 weeks is the is the time frame which you
need to complete either MA lot or either generative Ki site. So last
17 weeks plus last 4. Last 21 weeks will be focused on emerged
specialization and the capstone topic.

[Sales Agent 19:25]
The accident topic is going to be for last 4 months sorry last 4 weeks
and before that you will have 17 weeks of curriculum after the
fundamentals after the like lets say roughly around 8th month will be
fundamentals as well as the detail into the concept of Declaration MMT
where again there will also be result and project there and this one
will be from the 8th month around you will have this eager ML loss or
generative a I to suspend.

[Customer 19:53]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:54]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 19:55]
and that does not mean right. Like you said, you are looking for a
transition as soon as possible. So there is a very good chance for you
to apply for the opportunities right from the 6th, 7th month onwards
itself. Yes. Now you might ask me how the upgrade has also a 360
degree career assistance.

[Sales Agent 20:14]
Wherein we help our learners get the career outcome which they are
looking for. In this case we are completely looking for a transition
from one department to another one right? So how is applied going to
help you here? Of course there will be career mentorship sessions
which will happen during the 4th and 5th month around that time frame.
So this career mentor will be a one on one session who will help you
understand based on your past background what you have done and what
and how you should be approaching in the coming months right? Like
lets say

[Sales Agent 20:45]
if like lets say right now you are looking for a complete transition
from one thing to another. So what should be your approach? How should
you design your profile right? How do you apply for job opportunity?
That is something a career mentor will lay down a path for you and
during the program itself the career portal access will be given. A
job portal access will be given wherein you can start applying for
jobs. There right you can request for a mock interview. We will be
building your profile, we will be helping you prepare for the
interview and most importantly we will help you network with people.
Network with like minded people. Now you understand

[Sales Agent 21:21]
networking is very important in this case, right?

[Sales Agent 21:24]
People coming from similar background can help you a lot in not just
in getting a job opportunity but even if you are stuck somewhere in a
project or anything, right, you can you can get in touch with them. So
stuff like that can happen through networking wherein those networking
sessions will be conducted every biweekly like every fortnightly once
during the program and even after the program there will be alumni
group which will which you will be part of. So there will be people
who will be posting in the job opportunities if there will be people
who will be applying for job opportunities. From there if you are

[Sales Agent 21:55]
stuck with any project work, you can just you know type in and
somebody will keep in to help you. So there are multiple advantages
with networking which comes into picture.

[Sales Agent 22:04]
So that is also something which which we work on. But yeah overall we
will also help you get placed and and get the transition what you are
looking for. And in that case like I said you can start doing that
from 6 to 7th month onwards itself. You dont have to wait for you know
13 months to complete the course and then apply for opportunity. You
can start from 7671.

[Customer 22:28]
Okay okay Yeah

[Customer 22:32]
so okay. And another note, only on the weekends we have a live session
and the rest of the week for 5 days we have the recorded session. But
if I have any doubts on the recorded session, to whom I can contact if
I have on the live interaction with someone or somebody,

[Customer 22:49]
very good question, yes?

[Sales Agent 22:52]
So like like you rightly understood that on why I mean on the weekends
you have your live nature. On the weekdays you can go through your
recorded module. So what happens is on the weekends any which way we
are conducting live lectures you can ask the questions then there
itself but on the weekdays also. In fact any day if it is a weekday we
can does not matter. There will be 22 doubt resolution for session
sessions conducted everyday

[Sales Agent 23:18]
morning from 7:00 AM to 8:00 AM for one hour before office hours. 1:00
in the evening from 8:00 PM to 10:00 PM or 10:00 PM to 12:00 PM.
Somewhere around that time premium for 2 hours in the TV after office
hours everyday irrespective of a weekday or a weekend. These doubt
resolution sessions will be conducted. So whenever you get a doubt you
just have to login. So there will be a link open for you to login into
that link. Ask your question and drop off. Simple, there will be
teaching associate setting there and this these sessions will happen
everyday.

[Sales Agent 23:52]
There is no such restriction of you know one person or one session in
a in a 3 days or something like that. No, these sections are happening
everyday

[Sales Agent 24:03]
so you can ask your question everyday. In fact, if you get you know
fashion, I mean if you get a question through a recorded module.

[Customer 24:13]
Okay. Fine, Sir. Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:15]
Yeah yeah. Along with this, there will be a discussion forum also
wherein you can just type your question and somebody from the teaching
associate or from the clear group will answer your question. That is
also another way

[Sales Agent 24:28]
for nonacademy questions. Yeah so I mean these are academic question
doubts but for non academics like you know, grading relatives,
assignment submission related, anything which is non, you know
Academy, right. So those questions there will be a student support
team which will which will be there a student mentor will be you know
allotted to you. So that student Venkatar will take care of all your
nonacademy query.

[Customer 24:56]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:58]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 24:58]
yeah.

[Customer 25:02]
Okay, very good.

[Sales Agent 25:03]
Question regarding the program, Sir. I mean regarding the program.

[Customer 25:13]
Nothing if if I want to convert this KGS from convergent cost to the
PG, will it able to take it is possible to take this decision after
this course or no? It's a financial shift to take.

[Sales Agent 25:26]
I mean, look, I I will not say that you cannot take the decision later
point in time MAM. The only difference would come in the pricing
point, right. So you can definitely take that decision, but at that
point in time, whatever the pricing will be applicable that would be
the pricing which is there. So I will give you an understanding. So
right now you might have looked into this price that it is 3,00,000
thirtyfive ₹1000 correct 3.3, 0.3, 5,00,000 including the GST. Whereas
the Masters degree, the total Masters degree of 19 months where you

[Sales Agent 25:56]
get your final Ms from Liverpool will cost you right now 5.6 inclusive
of the taxes

[Sales Agent 26:02]
including GST, it is going to cost you 5 point ₹6,00,000. Now

[Sales Agent 26:08]
at that point in time, like one year down the line, one and a half
year down the line, whenever you are planning to do it, 2 years down
the line, you can do it. There is no question about it, right. There
is no doubt we can still do it. There is that the pricing will be the
difference on that day, whatever is the difference price that will be
applicable.

[Customer 26:25]
So your offer is a course for the 5.50 including the GST. Right now it
is in a Marshall.

[Sales Agent 26:32]
Yes, if it is the total masters, it is 5.6 lakhs. If you are only
going ahead with the triple ITPEB diploma, it is 3.3 ₹5,00,000

[Sales Agent 26:43]
right? And on that day then lets say you complete the one year you got
a transition. Now half a month down the line or one year down the line
you came back and you want to know articulate this room after this
degree okay, you can still do that. There is no time boundation as
such. The only difference would be on that day whatever the pricing
will be applicable that difference money is what you have to pay. Like
imagine it's the score becomes 6,00,000, 3,00,000. Thirtyfive 1000 is
something which you have already paid so

[Sales Agent 27:12]
265 will be the remaining balance Sir. That is what you will pay.

[Sales Agent 27:16]
That is the only difference.

[Customer 27:19]
Okay, the real time would be 6 month only including this.

[Sales Agent 27:27]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 27:28]
So total will become 19 months. I mean 13 months with Triple L so 6
months with Liverpool right. So

[Sales Agent 27:34]
of course I mean it's a 19 months journey but then obviously there
will be a you know 15 to 20 days, one month gap in between and then
you take your master. So it will become 2021 months. That shouldnt be
a problem. But yeah, on an average 6 months is what you will invest
with Liverpool and that will be a research based learning. If you are
wondering what is covered in the Liverpool phase, So that will be
totally research phase. Maam research phase means

[Sales Agent 27:58]
you will be choosing a problem statement either of your own choice or
we will give you a problem statement to choose from based on the
industry you will be working for based on you know the the topic you
would want to research upon. And then the faculty from Liverpool right
who are PhD Laureate, they will help you rather thesis on the team. So
you will be writing a thesis paper right, a research paper of 40 to 50
pages around that much in the span of that 6 months. So yeah,

[Sales Agent 28:29]
that is a research dedicated work what you are doing. So you will you
learn what literature reviewing is all about, how to read the research
paper, how to go about writing that right. And it will be a problem
statement which has never been worked upon before or which has never
been solved before. Thats another thing which which is definitely
going to be there.

[Customer 28:52]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:53]
Yeah, yeah,

[Sales Agent 28:58]
right. I believe you have got a little clarity about the course right
now.

[Customer 29:03]
Definitely, definitely. Because it is. It is a kind of an yes flexible
thing. I can convert this one year to a freezee diploma to even the
market. So it will be considered 2 things Sir, right now, yeah.

[Sales Agent 29:17]
And then just to add it up here, it's not just valid in India, it's
valid globally as well. You might ask me how? Because one thing, you
are getting a masters degree from UK university. You are getting again
a regular alumni status from them. You are getting 118 credit points.
Now. Do you understand that outside India, the whole education system
works on the credit system?

[Customer 29:38]
1000 Credit Okay.

[Sales Agent 29:42]
Like people who apply for job opportunities abroad, right MAM or
people who go for on site opportunities, you understand on site right.
People from our corporate world they are trying to abroad for for a
time frame. So they they get checked whether if their degree carries
certain credit points and who will validate this credit points. Like
we have you know bodies in India, UGC is there like you mentioned
earlier a ICT is there. So even triple ITB is a ICT back and UGC bank
right

[Sales Agent 30:13]
and along with that right now that credit point which I was talking
about, right. So with triple IC the reason why you are able to convert
this, you might have a question in your mind that how from triple IC
is a 13 months and 6 months at Liverpool, how is this possible? Right.
So now you have to understand the triple IT, you will get 36 credit
points based on Indian standards. When you convert them into European,
European standards they become 110 credits. So these 110 credits are
validated by body.

[Sales Agent 30:43]
Have you heard of West World Education Services,

[Sales Agent 30:46]
WEA?

[Customer 30:49]
Sorry, no.

[Sales Agent 30:51]
Okay, no problem Mam. So this is an international credit evaluation
body. Now I was talking about the credit. One side who validates this,
who recognizes this? So that is the body World Education Services.
Karke, this is an international credit evaluation body from North
America. So they validate, they recommend and they they give you a
certification also that OK, this is these are the credits your degree
carries

[Sales Agent 31:15]
and based on that if you have abroad opportunities as well you can
apply for that. Just giving you an idea maybe you might not require
but just telling you that this degree is not just valid in India but
valid globally as well. Once you do, the master city and even the PC
diploma is also valid across the globe, yeah.

[Customer 31:33]
Okay, fine, fine.

[Sales Agent 31:35]
Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 31:37]
So in just one more doubt, will the if I go for,

[Customer 31:43]
I go for the PT in Leverkhoom till the surface will be the recorded
only the weekend feature is there or the completely utilization?

[Sales Agent 31:51]
No, no,

[Sales Agent 31:51]
those will be completely live station mam. Now. There are no recorded
letters. What will you learn in the recording? To write the research
paper, right. So that will be completely online. I mean there will be
sessions conducted and whatever help needed for you to make that
research, collect the data

[Sales Agent 32:08]
and write a pieces. Everything will be guided by those liver full, you
know faculty itself. So imagine in 13 months with Liverpool, sorry
with pretalidity in the first 13 months there will not be more than 45
to 50 sessions which will be conducted like so. That means one live
session on an average per week. Because like I said every alternate
weekend you will have networking session, group networking session and
sometimes you will have assignments, case studies to submit. On a
quarterly basis you will have live exams which you will be taking over
Jupiter notebook

[Sales Agent 32:41]
such a Proctor exam. Every quarterly basis you will have one live exam
which you need to take right And so it will be a combination of you
know so there are different courses in the module right in the course
entire course. So after a couple of courses, after 3 courses you will
take oneization like that after completion of couple of topics again
you will take a line Sir that would be a propertered one. This will be
taking over Jupiter notebook and but what I was telling you is overall
in the year you have only 45 to 50 live stations whereas in 6 months

[Sales Agent 33:13]
alone in Liverpool itself you have again 50 sessions

[Sales Agent 33:15]
right session So so the entire program, I mean the entire journey will
be guided to you through live lecture and there will be a person who
will be allotted separately to you who will take care of the journey
whenever there is help needed. He will be the, I mean the the point of
contact to you. Just talk for you.

[Customer 33:34]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 33:36]
Yes.

[Customer 33:39]
Okay so, but one thing.

[Sales Agent 33:42]
Yeah, yeah, please tell me maam.

[Customer 33:45]
But only 40 to 50 licenses is zero for the person you can understand
because even now itself I am just go for only the recording even
instead of the location

[Customer 33:59]
that institution is. Anurag offered

[Customer 34:03]
life session only in a term both Saturday and Sunday.

[Customer 34:07]
So if it is the navigation is very less because in review also I can
observe that lot of people are remarking with license is very low. But
is it a problem? Or when you what how that is it a taxable? I just
want to know.

[Sales Agent 34:25]
Right Maam, it is a very good question. In fact I will give you an
understanding why like the number seems less to you given there is one
year that we are dedicating

[Sales Agent 34:34]
now. Like I said maam, it's not about just the learning, learning what
you are doing during the program. So like I said every alternate
weekend you have networking session. Now people fail to understand
that this networking session is also a learning session but its more
thought of a discussion rather than being only one way conversation.
So in live lecture what happens? There is somebody who is giving the
lecture, you will listen to it, nothing apart from that. And whenever
you have a question you will ask the question

[Sales Agent 35:01]
simple. But in this networking session what we will do is we will
divide your back into 11:50 people, right And these 11:50 people will
be part of our discussion so you can discuss things. And this session
will be headed by your career mentor, our industry members like I said
these sections which are taken up the live lectures. These are not
faculty, these are industry experts, People who are real time data
scientist, machine learning engineers, principal data scientist having
10 years, 15 years, 20 years of corporate experience more than that.
In fact, people who are at CEO level also in data plans, consulting
homes, so.

[Customer 35:35]
These people are.

[Sales Agent 35:35]
Going to be a faculty in terms of let's say taking up the live lecture

[Sales Agent 35:40]
and like I said on the other weekends you will have case studies and
assignments also which you need to complete. So the way the module is
structured, the way the learning pattern is, I will tell you first
there will be I am I am talking about a recording version. There will
be an explanation like the text format right? In the text format
itself you understood the concept, but again there will be a video
followed up by that and then there will be a project or an assignment
followed up by that.

[Customer 36:05]
So it is.

[Sales Agent 36:06]
More sort of a practical thing which we are focused upon is it is not
just the theory

[Sales Agent 36:11]
what we are doing okay. We are giving you recorded motions. You are on
your own. You are watching those things. No Yes the majority of the
content is you know the the recorded based. Why Because you not to
understand MAM. This is a working professional design program. Now I
can understand you are currently resigning. You have ample amount of
time at your hand. Imagine

[Sales Agent 36:31]
if you had to do this along with your job. Yes, imagine. So you have a
time frame which you need to dedicate to your job like 8 to 10 hours
on an average compulsory in fact more than that sometimes. But on an
average 8 to 10 hours. Is what you dedicate compulsory to your job? If
you had a job in your hand now imagine in that time frame also taking
out 15 hours would be a difficult task now. Right now you are able to
because you have resigned. You have ample amount of time at your end.
Imagine tomorrow you start a job opportunity 3 months down the line.
Or you have some freelancing work to do. Now

[Sales Agent 37:06]
you have to dedicate time there as well

[Sales Agent 37:08]
Sir. It becomes slightly little challenging. That is where we want to
give that flexibility and not be harsh on on people. I mean harsh in
the sense we dont want to take it hardly. Yes, we want to give that
flexibility and convenience for the working professions to be able to
do that very conveniently, right. And there are people even in that
also they say its challenges right And there are deadline extensions
which we have. So

[Sales Agent 37:34]
those those things are there. But then the pattern which is designed,
delivered and and catered it has been done after a lot of research
mam. So just like that we havent decided that okay we will randomly
give 45 less session for a 50 sessions. No we have made proper
research and because we have been delivering this course for 2000
since 2016 now. So it has been more than 7 plus years. And trust me
when I tell you this one upgrade is one of the oldest platforms
delivering machine learning and a I programs online, right. You can
say even when you be, when you will be part of the alumni group, you
will see there are so many people who have completed the course from
numerous parties,

[Sales Agent 38:11]
numerous backgrounds, from healthcare, from pharma, from you know from
IT Police Department. I am trust me I am. I am talking to you for the
first time maam

[Sales Agent 38:19]
but across. I have some across people coming from government though
but not specifically from the Police Department. Right. But then I
have spoken to people I mean they wanted to get a transition from a
you know from a constable to to the corporate career because of the
various other reasons. One of them definitely being the economic part,
right, the compensation part. But yeah the what I am telling you is
that there is variety. There will be people from number of

[Sales Agent 38:49]
backgrounds only you can interact with and you will see that in the
alumni group say yes

[Sales Agent 38:54]
Lekin Bachche it has the program has been designed after lot of
research after lot of you know hard work and you know the things which
we have taken into consideration and giving people that flexibility.
So

[Sales Agent 39:08]
after the course one thing is for sure maam you will be satisfied with
the content with the way the delivery it is happening and you will not
regret that decision that you are doing something with triple ID and
update the something which I can assure you.

[Customer 39:23]
At night.

[Sales Agent 39:25]
A M Yeah, terminally.

[Customer 39:27]
4 hours. It is not any simple thing, not even a single minute. Yeah, I
have changed a lot of things because I want to do something for my
execution. I can assist you

[Customer 39:38]
hello without any guidance or do myself this is not easy and also it
is not in a property.

[Sales Agent 39:44]
Not at all. Not at all Maam, not at all easy and and see, I mean there
is a lot of content available out out there on YouTube. You I will
give you the content I make.

[Customer 39:54]
You talking, which is covered? Yeah, definitely. They will make us
very frustration and it will flimate more and more because we don't
know where to start and where to end. What is the next time? Next
time?

[Sales Agent 40:04]
Exactly.

[Customer 40:04]
Can I go for the Yeah. So finally I found this this course. This is
this IITP Executive I I TV Bangalore district and management. It is a
I is more useful for me rather than the email log. So definitely I go
for this rather than Yamuna. Definitely. I go for the generative area
because it is in another 6 months. It is leading more than 11 of.

[Sales Agent 40:30]
Thats true thats true mam and based on your area of interest, like I
said you can choose and just in case if you would want to understand
what the basics of ML Oxy the other recorded modules are something
which will give you so that you can go to after the content. Yeah, if
you, if you.

[Customer 40:45]
Need to Sorry for the interruption. I

[Customer 40:50]
will forget this. It is whether this record is a lifetime validity or
it has a validity to return.

[Sales Agent 41:01]
So now what we tell is 3 years we give you this content uprightly. I
mean there is no interruption or nothing like that. What? Having said
that

[Sales Agent 41:11]
we will not revoke the entire access like Lakshya after 3 years from
you just in case. Even if it is done you just, I mean if you want to
refresh any modules, if you want to go through any of the content you
just have to come back. There will be a student supporting like I said
you just have to drop an email and then the content will be added back
again just in case it is revoked. I am telling you why it will not be
because I have seen people from 2017, 18 you have completed the course
the access is still there with them. So we dont believe in that. But
what

[Sales Agent 41:42]
we tell you apparently we give you for 3 years, 3 years nobody can
touch even after that also if you still need access we will still give
you. That isn't a problem. So technically it is for lifetime and will
not charge you anything for the same. Once you are part of alumni of
Oscar, there are a lot of alumni benefits also, which you get.

[Customer 42:01]
So I visited Harmony from the upgrade and also triple ITB and also if
I subscribe to the Liverpool that is also the nomination facility
book.

[Sales Agent 42:10]
Right.

[Customer 42:12]
Okay, what is an email? What is any a MI facilities is there from me?
I said.

[Sales Agent 42:20]
Absolutely Mam, there are EMI opportunities available. So for that
what we can do if we can connect over a virtual session like I said
last, I mean I was saying in the beginning as well, right. What I will
do is I will take you through the demo platform as well. So I have
somebody who is processing this program. I can show you by sharing my
screen that you know what what they have done, how the classes are
conducted

[Sales Agent 42:42]
like what are the evaluation parameters. Another doubt resolution. The
light lectures was what I was talking about. How does how does the
learning portal look like right the LMS look like. Once you have a
clarity I will give you an understanding in terms of what the EMI
options are. So there will be no first EMI candid EMI options
available. So if we can connect and then discuss this over a virtual
session that would be great. You let me know when would you be
available for 1520 minutes. You can do this MAM and then I will guide
you for the application process also.

[Customer 43:14]
Okay now itself. I know this is a good time. It is it is necessary to
show me size or not?

[Sales Agent 43:22]
No, Sir. Fine. I mean even. Yeah, I mean, even if you are not okay to
turn on the cancel, that should be fine. That shouldn't be a problem
Maam.

[Customer 43:30]
Okay. Then you will start now itself. It will be if you are okay.

[Sales Agent 43:34]
Okay Mam, just give me 5 minutes then I will share the link with you
and then we can connect back again. Just give me 5 minutes.

[Sales Agent 43:40]
I am sharing the link we can.

[Customer 43:42]
Connect you sure.

[Sales Agent 43:44]
Maam, thank you so much. Yeah, yeah.

[Customer 43:45]
Thank you. Yeah.
