[Customer 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:04]
Hello, Hi this Bharini.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Hi Bhareen Karthik Desai. I am actually calling you from authorised
station.

[Customer 00:14]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:15]
Hi Delhi,

[Sales Agent 00:16]
So I am a career counselor here and I got your details from my team. I
believe you are looking for upstream into Miscellaneous A I
preferences correct early

[Sales Agent 00:26]
okay sure sure. So if you could help me understand your profile and
you also the work experience only probably help me to understanding
more, help you better your feeling journey here.

[Customer 00:37]
Sure. So I was interested in anything to do with applications for you
know a IML or other.

[Customer 00:44]
You know how you can use Gen A I in 3rd tech field or you know in what
are the various applications. So that was the quote I was looking.

[Sales Agent 00:53]
At but.

[Customer 00:54]
What I saw in the in your brochure or in your site is that for most of
your courses or other for everything you do need a

[Customer 01:06]
you know, a computer or an IC or some kind of a technical background,
right?

[Sales Agent 01:12]
Depends what program you have seen actually.

[Customer 01:16]
So I think I saw one fight VIVNIT was one and the other one was by
triple IT.

[Sales Agent 01:25]
PIT, Bangalore.

[Customer 01:27]
Yeah,

[Customer 01:29]
so these were the 2I saw then I was looking into your courses, courses
that you have on the site, but I didn't see anything that specific.
See, I I am currently working in the life sciences space. So life
sciences deals with

[Customer 01:44]
with clinical research. So I mean there is a lot of IT here because
it's primarily the backend part for a pharma company. So I deal with
internal audits in in this state, so in the life center space or for
pharma companies. So so there is a lot of data getting generated and
many a times we have to make sense out of the data which is.

[Sales Agent 02:09]
Right now done manually.

[Customer 02:10]
So there are some A, I tools and all, but you know really

[Customer 02:13]
of course all companies are looking to upskilling and you know
upgrading their text. So we are looking into having some kind of a Gen
A I which may can make sense of the data that comes in, the raw
unstructured data that comes in and then you know using that. So in
that line is why I was looking at you know a similar course or
something, but I am not getting any and I am not from a tech
background, I mean

[Customer 02:40]
whatever take

[Customer 02:41]
and I dont have the tech degree, I am a postgraduate in the life
sciences phase, but I do not have a tech degree. Whatever tech
knowledge I have is primarily related to the the area that I work in,
which is more related to the regulatory requirements and you know this
documentation level requirements.

[Sales Agent 03:03]
So.

[Customer 03:05]
Okay, I am

[Customer 03:05]
not an option but but yeah, that is what I am looking at. Yeah, so I
was looking at upscaling myself.

[Sales Agent 03:13]
Got it, got it. Understood. Whatever whatever you said. I am
completely understood as a counselor as a privilege to talk to a lot
of people coming from different sectors. And this is not for the first
time. I am talking to your profile as you okay, who is who is from
life services, Correct. Now the program that you have looked into,
yes, that is not a ticketable program for you because that is for
somebody is coming from a technical partner and who wants to

[Sales Agent 03:39]
trade relevant and work on the development side

[Sales Agent 03:42]
of machine on India. This is a kind of.

[Customer 03:44]
Experience. You are.

[Sales Agent 03:46]
Attend and with your future requirement. You are not sitting tomorrow
to develop MLNY. You are just here to understand that already created
tool so you will understand the make use cases of it so that you can
integrate that will go workflow and that whatever the you know maybe
inside that you want to allow out of the data right so.

[Customer 04:07]
Your account, Sir. One more. Yeah, one more. Just one more addition.
Sorry to interrupt.

[Customer 04:13]
One more addition is that you know in see as part of my job like I
said I do order.

[Customer 04:18]
So as part of the orders you know my team and I, we also give
suggestions or recommendations to the team in terms of how they can
improve their work. You know basically the development, testing and
other type of things. So thats something that I want to be able to
make a good judgment out of what tools and technologies are available
and give that to the business teams to implement. So so that can only
come in because you know when I am able to right now I am looking at
the work, I know where the

[Customer 04:50]
Sir but I need to be able to you know have some knowledge in terms of
how I look and you know how I evaluate what is already there in the
market or you know how what I can give them as a suggestion. So what
tool they can use or what how they can evaluate what is there and you
know further improve. So something like an improvement area. I want to
be able to more, you know, give them a suggestion rather than just
tell them that there is a gap.

[Sales Agent 05:17]
No, no, I I completely understood. Okay. So

[Sales Agent 05:21]
your ultimate leverages in basic in meeting, right and your what the
expertise that you have, you want to do that with technology, correct?
Thats what you are looking forward for, correct?

[Customer 05:31]
That is why.

[Sales Agent 05:32]
So right now, even if you have a data that you want to work on and
derive meaningful insight, you have to understand analytics work. What
is data and?

[Customer 05:41]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 05:42]
Then convert the raw data and to a meaningful insult where you can
make sensors of data and credit something. What about the technique
that are there correct? This is one aspect.

[Sales Agent 05:51]
The second aspect is generated here Okay. Now we do have a program
into generative regard that is of 5 months of duration Okay. But for
for that to happen right for you to even hold your team accountable
and suggest something in terms of deficient making right you have to
be you know going through a little technical thing here Okay because
Python is something after learn and that will be taught to you from
basics itself.

[Sales Agent 06:17]
Sorry. Now there are 2 different aspects. If you pay me Karthik, I
have a requirement more requirement into generating that so that I can
understand all these journey I told in terms of R&D, auditing,
extracting the data and then getting meaning out of it. We have a
program of timing but if you are saying Kasif I have a data already
okay now I just want to know extract elephant certain insights out of
it then

[Sales Agent 06:46]
then the generative air program does not cover data only you
understand okay. So what are you inclined towards? What is your
requirement? Much is it in to generate a way out or is it to analytics
to be subject?

[Customer 07:02]
I would,

[Customer 07:05]
I would say probably both because see again I have to align myself
with what you know what is happening and what the business is into or
business is looking into. So there is a lot of push towards 10 A, I
and also at the same time you know MLRCH. So all of those are in the
pipeline. So there are different kinds of projects that I need to look
into.

[Customer 07:33]
So data analytics technology. I need the data analytics for myself as
well and I need to be able to con, you know, convey to the project
teams also.

[Sales Agent 07:46]
So then definitely you are at the right place. Thanks for giving me a
brief of what you worked with. So we do have a program Okay which is
in blend of generating right as well as data plan.

[Customer 07:58]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:59]
So see now all these a IML is something that will not be working on
the development side but data intex is something that you can really
make use of as per my knowledge that you have said right. So we do
have an 8 months of program here Okay the basic certification one
where first everything will be taught to you from 6 because Python is
something that you have to learn whether it could be analytic, whether
it could be in generative a R okay.

[Sales Agent 08:25]
So you will be having Python bhoot camp initially and then you will be
understanding how to clear on date of birth. Alright because data
unfit can occur after you understand the fundamentals of data plan
Okay you have to understand the machine on this model first. That is
why you can make use of that data because imagine you get a lot of raw
data Okay you cannot just go through hours of that right? So you have
to trade a missing money model for you to do that. Okay, even though
you are not developing, you have to have an understanding of it
correctly.

[Sales Agent 08:57]
Technologies work.

[Sales Agent 08:58]
So you will be first starting with how to clear on data Python And
then machine only model. Then we have Spy specialization. Alright now
these 5 specialization are in the first data analytic, second is
business analytics, 3rd is Natural language Processing, Deep learning.
These 2 are the of a INLP and deep learning is a I okay and other one
is data.

[Customer 09:21]
Limited.

[Sales Agent 09:22]
Okay. So you will first understand data analytics, our business
intelligence and

[Sales Agent 09:29]
then after you finish the program will be given the access to all the
specialization. So in the future may be after one year or within this
one year if you have a claim whos who is coming up to expecting a
solution from you regarding the planning. Alright that since anyhow
you have the active you will be thorough knowledge about it. You can
suggest them based upon that.

[Sales Agent 09:50]
So I think this program will definitely took you and I know give you
the exact outcome you are looking for Sir.

[Customer 09:57]
Okay. And what kind of? I mean what is the duration of this course
that you stated and what kind of output comes after this? Like is it
a, is it a diploma, is it certificate? And from which university? How
does that work?

[Sales Agent 10:15]
So that is this. So we have 2 programs here. So depending upon your
time like what about the feasible time, you can tell me what programs
would be best. So

[Sales Agent 10:25]
we have a diploma, Okay, 4th graduation diploma in data centre. Yeah
okay that is from university, triple IT Bangalore. So this India's
number one Technical University, so we have 12.

[Customer 10:36]
Charges IC Bangalore, Okay.

[Sales Agent 10:39]
Yes, we have 12,000 as India's largest alumni days with the university
Okay. So we have been successfully running this program in 8 years,
75,00,000 have been done. So that is how 14 months of duration Okay?

[Customer 10:52]
Now is this cancelled or is this online?

[Sales Agent 10:57]
No. See when is the time of learner? 95% of our learners are working
professions. So all his programs he dont want to say you say that I am
telling you right these are structure and design for working
professionals. So entirely it is going to be online, you dont have to
go to the university. But the benefit lets I mean lets say even though
you do this program online right the PG after you says the PG that you
are getting right on it. Nowhere it will be mentioned that your family
from upgraded online because it is a completely universal program.

[Customer 11:29]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:30]
So Monday to Friday it is going to be a first stage learning for you
and on the weekend Saturday or Sunday live session will happen. Those
are

[Sales Agent 11:39]
those are also taking.

[Customer 11:40]
Their life that will be that will be probably through whom or skills
or something, right?

[Sales Agent 11:46]
Yes yes you have a separate hotel here of that so he acted a
technological platform so all its like one stop solution for all the
life insurance. So that lifestance will happen on the portal itself.

[Customer 11:59]
Okay okay Fine, yeah.

[Sales Agent 12:02]
Right. So what are you comfortable with? Do you have 14 months of
program, are you okay do a 8 month of program? Because whatever I am
paying you 14 months Sir. So just divide say 8 months of that 14
months that will become a certificate. So almost 50 to 60% of the
curriculum will be good.

[Customer 12:22]
Okay so can you send me these details karthik over? I mean may be
WhatsApp if you dont mind.

[Sales Agent 12:30]
Or over.

[Customer 12:31]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 12:31]
I will send you the details, right. I will first send you the details
because I want a conversation with you needful and outcome oriented,
correct. So I know what you are looking for and we do have that for
sure. It is that you need a clarity on that. So first I will send you
the details surely. Please go to, I will send you both the curriculum
8 months and 14 months. 50 to 60% will be almost same in the 14 months
you will be just covering the extra you know week of modules and all
right. So have a look at it

[Sales Agent 12:57]
but I will look at it. You are very thorough way because I am, I am no
like you are coming with RND auditing and everything. So whatever you
find in the brochure that would make sense to you. So give me a
feasible time, lets do this over a virtual connect if you are
comfortable for 10 to 15 minutes where I can share my plea and help
you with the door mam and I can help you see what kind of outcome you
can expect, what kind of industry project, how you look at that even
Samsung experience right. All that information I can give you right
Sir. Then after that

[Sales Agent 13:28]
if you are looking for we can help you with the cost.

[Customer 13:31]
Okay. So what is what is the price of fees? I mean, what is the price
for both of these courses?

[Sales Agent 13:39]
Yeah, so we the 8 to 8.4 months of program, right. So that is the post
graduation certificate. So the price for that is like 1.8 lakh which
is interest of all tax Okay in this 15,000 would be a reserve amount
because it is a university program. You are not doing it from Upgrad,
you will be doing it from university.

[Sales Agent 13:59]
There is a packing as a platform and helping you with payment access
right. So 1.8 will be of total fee in the 15,000 would be a reserve
amount. Apart from that since we can check for quality if you get any
and rest of the balance you can convert into EMR. You have no per PM
Canadian. Now this is for 8.5 months of program. When my when I am
talking about Princi this is 14 months. Okay, that price is 3.2
5,00,000. Okay

[Sales Agent 14:26]
again includes the call taxes, 25,000 is the reserve amount and what
about the difference and

[Sales Agent 14:33]
between these 2?

[Customer 14:36]
Apart from the solution duration duration.

[Sales Agent 14:38]
Apart from that, like in the PG right, you will be actually working on
lets say if you have chosen data and take as a specialization right?
So that you will be working on for 29 weeks altogether. But in the
certificate, since it is 8 months only, you will be working almost
around ₹12.

[Customer 14:58]
Okay. So can you please repeat you? What did you say the last?

[Sales Agent 15:03]
Part you just received

[Sales Agent 15:05]
in the PG program in the 14 months, right? So that is where you will
be working on data analysis for almost like 29 minutes,

[Sales Agent 15:17]
29 weeks through your curriculum.

[Customer 15:19]
Will be okay Okay. I will miss that part. Okay.

[Sales Agent 15:23]
Yeah okay I am here when I prefer you to 8.82 8.1 the program you will
be working on the on the data antique specialization, right? For
almost like 6 days

[Sales Agent 15:34]
OK because if you want to learn something into the text you you will
require sometime Sir. That is the difference. And there you will be
getting 14 programming tools and languages to cover with Okay. So you
are here you will be getting 3 to 4 programming sales in India.
Alright, this is a certificate program 81 that is the PC diploma.

[Customer 15:54]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 15:56]
Okay, so you get 22 credits here in the certificate program that you
are getting services academic services.

[Customer 16:03]
Okay in that case.

[Customer 16:07]
I mean is it possible to convert later on in case?

[Sales Agent 16:10]
I.

[Customer 16:11]
That can be done, Sir.

[Sales Agent 16:12]
8 months of program. Once you finish the date month of program okay
you. If you want to do a PG as well Okay you dont need to invest again
14 months, just invest 6 months we will get a PG after completing your
PG. If you want to do a master more of a research work and everything
right, invest 6 more months. You will get a master of times and data
size. So that is the flexibility we have here at after.

[Sales Agent 16:37]
No. See, you are not coming here to expiring your placement. Am I
right?

[Sales Agent 16:42]
Are you?

[Customer 16:42]
Sorry, sorry expediting your.

[Sales Agent 16:45]
Health not coming here for a transaction or you are not coming here
for expecting a placement of percentage, right?

[Customer 16:51]
No, no, no, not placement, no. I am looking at upscaling myself only
you have been to the new technology because again you know within the
organization, within my company also there are courses right, But I
again those are you know property, just the basic levels. So I want to
get something which I can use externally also.

[Customer 17:11]
So that is one of the issues that I can come.

[Sales Agent 17:14]
This is going to be a formal education Sir, because the PG or the
Masters degree they are doing right. This is globally accepted. So
this will become a validation on your portfolio as well. So you can
target international opportunities with the skill set that you have
once you get a PG or something right. And you will be getting a great
networking as well here because as I have told you, 95% of the
learners are working professions. So you might encounter somebody
whose

[Sales Agent 17:42]
already a data analyst during this program

[Sales Agent 17:45]
Okay. So this is where you build up very premium networking as well.
So we have leaders from the industry by the way we have VPVIDP,
directors of companies also doing this program. So This is why your
network and let say if you are tomorrow if you got a deal right and
you are unable to work unexpected data, you will be getting personal
investment. I mean certain industry expert I will sit with you and
they will help you to if you have learned fine periods

[Sales Agent 18:12]
or forecasting model. So they will help you to understand how do you
implement that in your real work.

[Sales Agent 18:17]
Okay. So those kind of things that will be happening and whatever the
programming tools and languages, it has 3 projects you will be doing
here right? Definitely you can answer an experience because we will
outsource your data. You will be given real time datasets that will be
working on.

[Customer 18:31]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 18:33]
Right, so thats how the program is structured.

[Customer 18:38]
Okay. And just in terms just one thing on the duration, so I know you
said 8 months, but is there any flexibility that come that is given
considering again like you know mostly everybody will be working
people, they will have their, you know, office level priorities also.
I think that thats one of the reasons why you know I have been looking
at courses and not picking up anything because I am really not sure
how how much time I will be able to revote.

[Sales Agent 19:04]
So here OK what yes we do understand that you are a working person not
only apart from job you have also responsibility right? Saturday or
Sunday will be a live session. Is the meat that session that is
perfectly alright. That will be given you recorded format. First one.
Second point if you have because you will be having case credits to
submit assignment to submit. If you are unable to do so in the
deadline right you can take expansion okay. You will be having 8
extensions into the program so you can take other expenses

[Sales Agent 19:35]
for that. You will be having a one point of contact because if a
university program you cannot directly go to the university and solve
all your questions right queries some upgrade you will get one person
who will be a point of contact upgrad party. So you just have to
request to the person that you know going to work as come up and I
need an extension. They will give you an expensive Apart from that if
you are travelling from where is some emergency might come out. We
live in a very unprecedented baby, right? So anything might sum up
Okay? You can take a pause in this program.

[Sales Agent 20:04]
For one month, 2 months, 3 months, 4 months and when you are coming
back when your things are sorted and you are coming back, you can
continue from where you left. Now this will not happen any BGPA this
will not happen anything in the program. Got it. So all the
flexibilities are very much given into the program considering
different designs working for.

[Customer 20:24]
Okay, Okay.

[Customer 20:26]
I think that really helps, yeah.

[Sales Agent 20:28]
Yeah, because other programs will not do so, right. Because you have
to, you know, if if you have to do a case study, you have to submit
that, right? And you if you are caught in the work then that would
hamper your 2 GPM debit code, right,

[Sales Agent 20:45]
right. You can take a pause in the program. So all all that
consideration like definitely thats why we were able to build 12,000
in India Plaza, Valley Mirror thats why we have done 75 days batches
and the course completion date you here is 90%

[Sales Agent 21:00]
in entire South Asia. You can do Sir, all the programs, all the
invoice. If you look at the quote compression issue that is below
6800.

[Customer 21:08]
Okay do you

[Customer 21:11]
Do you have courses for students as well or it is are audio courses
mainly for working professionals only? Because actually the few that I
saw required some, you know, work experience.

[Sales Agent 21:24]
Yeah. So after that, we are South Indians lobbying with the company.
So recently we have made certain acquisition okay campus knowledge,
Sir. So yes, we do have courses that are for students.

[Customer 21:37]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 21:38]
Okay. First, the pedagogy will completely differ from student to
working process.

[Customer 21:46]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 21:48]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 21:50]
So what? What kind of one? How many years experience you have?

[Customer 21:54]
23.

[Sales Agent 21:56]
23

[Sales Agent 21:57]
or first premium Sir? Oh thats cool. You will become an answer to
ourself itself itself.

[Customer 22:02]
No I so that is another thing, right? Most of your courses require
only about 2 to 3 years of working experience, so I am going to be
with youngster SO.

[Sales Agent 22:13]
What I need is people. People who are.

[Customer 22:16]
You know, fresh out of college or you know who, who has probably more
knowledge or more current knowledge than what. You know what I have?

[Sales Agent 22:25]
See this is where this is the question that often get asked. Okay, we
have recently prepaid of Adani Dolush Pradhan.

[Customer 22:35]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 22:37]
On

[Sales Agent 22:39]
we have on board a director of cab journey through this program,
correct. So average program.

[Customer 22:44]
You are talking about the one which I asked about or generally you are
talking about the postgraduate.

[Sales Agent 22:50]
Bangalore I am talking about Okay right? So so all these people they
come in right. So you will get people with 5 to 20 years of on an
average of working experience correct. So in the you will be divided
under small group coaching person Okay 12 to 15 people. So one
industrial

[Sales Agent 23:10]
score. They will align one industry expert to your 12 to 15 people
back. Now in this 12 to 15 batch, you will not be having cashless, you
will be having people who are similar to that of yours of your
experience.

[Customer 23:22]
Right,

[Customer 23:23]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:23]
Alright, yeah, so that's how the patches are formed in in the small
group coaching session.

[Customer 23:30]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 23:31]
Alright and you will get an access for all our aluminium right? If you
do a PC here you will get you will become an official aluminium of
reply to Bangalore right. So definitely you can expect certain other
work to be done as well. So that depends upon how you how how good you
are in networking. But definitely you have an access to all the other
people who Indian grocery from different different.

[Customer 23:54]
Stuff.

[Sales Agent 23:55]
Yeah.

[Customer 23:56]
I think starting fair enough. Thanks for

[Customer 24:00]
this info. I will await the

[Customer 24:02]
details over WhatsApp.

[Customer 24:06]
Is there a timeline by when these courses are starting or is it that
anybody can join at any time? No.

[Sales Agent 24:12]
No, no. This is the university program. Not everybody can join at the
same time. First as a profile check we are going for diploma. There is
a little eligibility as a need to you know crack and they are going
for certificate then. I mean all the cards start dates are from
January 31st,

[Sales Agent 24:28]
but right now what happens is when you are working on cloud services
and everything, right, a WS and everything. So we have to release the
credentials for that. You will get the licenses for that,

[Sales Agent 24:41]
got it Okay. So all these 2,00,000 has to be given in prior that
cannot be just happen in one day, right. So all that things are
currently happening and there is a verification, there is a document
verification that happened. So we still have 10 more days for that. So
if you are okay with the program, I mean first I really want you to
look at it and evaluate

[Sales Agent 25:01]
and once you are okay with everything, if you are okay doing the
progress then we can help you with the enrollment process. So after
that you have to submit the document to the university, they will
verification will happen. Then you will divide under 12 different
people that the credential will be released from university, your
email ID and everything and then the a WR access that will be released
and you have to complete the preparatory content because you cannot
directly learn data on this answer you have to brush up your basic
skills because it

[Sales Agent 25:33]
it is that is you have learned something like a story correct? So
basic patterns that all these are required. So you will be having 10
day in this 10 days you will you will be going to preparately to
contact Okay. Then your intention will happen on 31st. After that you
will be having 2 weeks of complimentary Python bootcam. Because Python
as I have told you, you have to learn and you dont have to worry that
you are not coming from any programming experience. Python is the user
thing that you can learn. Yes Sir. For the initial too much you have
to give little bit of time.

[Customer 26:01]
Okay the eligibility test. Also please give me details for that what
is the content or what kind of.

[Sales Agent 26:08]
Can happen

[Sales Agent 26:09]
11.6 will be there in that at least you have to get 6 right out of
that level question. What you will be having is basic algebra Okay,
permutations, combinations, probability, all these things.

[Customer 26:23]
Okay so if I dont clear the eligibility test then what happens?

[Sales Agent 26:28]
You will. You will cancel it. That's it.

[Customer 26:30]
OK. So then, so there is no cost involved or anything?

[Sales Agent 26:34]
No cost involved for the application or to sorry to give a test only
if you are OK to do the program. You just have to make a reservation
amount 25,000 for the PG 14 months, 15,000 for this 8 month office
program.

[Sales Agent 26:50]
Apart from that when you are clearing the balance, when you are paying
the remaining balance you will given 7 days of time. In this 7 days
you can figure out whether you are going to go for no cost, EMI,
standard EMI and everything.

[Customer 27:01]
Okay okay fine I.

[Sales Agent 27:04]
Mean

[Sales Agent 27:07]
I want you to be clear Okay because it is going to be a benefit
decision for in your life Okay so much can I save your destiny and
your work flow. So I want you to go through the details first. Okay
give me a visible time. Yeah give me a feasible time for 1015 minutes
maam today where you can connect over a virtual call. It is not from
mobile or laptop as well. And I will help you. I will drive you to the
you know platform how that happens and everything so that you have a
clear understanding of how what you are stimulating in time are into.
Then I will help you with the offer letter and update you about this
call itself and you can come to your decision.

[Customer 27:43]
Yeah. So just give me some time. I have to get into a meeting now. So
I will, I will review and I will get back to you.

[Sales Agent 27:53]
Okay. Thanks

[Sales Agent 27:56]
will be okay for the virtual session before 4:00 PM okay so that I can
I can also schedule.

[Customer 28:00]
Okay Okay, Sure, sure.

[Sales Agent 28:02]
Alright, okay, sure. Thank you. Sure, Sir.
