[Speaker 1 00:01]
Hello. Hello.

[Speaker 1 00:03]
Yeah. Hi, Shavya Shreyanshi. This side from Apradh and I am calling.
Yeah. Hi Shreyanshi. How are you? Yeah, I am good. Thanks for asking.
How are you? Yeah, doing good, Sir. And you. Thanks for asking.

[Speaker 1 00:15]
So Sir for me helping you, I like me helping you before with the
program details and everything. Could you please help me out with your
profile Like what is your profile? I was about to say that I thought
you need to like say something so I just stopped myself so shall you
see I am. I am like you know little bit dilemma okay like I just
really dont know what to do with my profile. Now I am. I have done my
NBA with marketing and HR Okay and I have a 4 years of proper IP
experience working as a USIT recruiter

[Speaker 1 00:50]
Okay

[Speaker 1 00:52]
okay. So like I have done like Sr and marketing in my masters and I
have working in a USIT recruitment. Now I need to change like I I
can't do this like its been already like 4.5 to 5 years. I am doing
this night shift itself, Okay just now. Like I am married and I have
some commitments and I can't continue this night shift for so long
now.

[Speaker 1 01:18]
Okay. So I was thinking to change my profile and the options like what
I had in my mind like

[Speaker 1 01:27]
as I have done my masters in HRII lost the page actually. So I was I
want to do something related to HR itself as recruitment is a part of
it. Sir, I always wanted to go to the management side of HR Singh

[Speaker 1 01:45]
like flight, you know, right. Like Sr Management side. I wanted to go
right Sir Okay from

[Speaker 1 01:52]
past week. I was just doing the research on whatever what I can do,
where I can see my growth and all. I got 2

[Speaker 1 02:02]
conclusions like according to my research I am telling you I don't
know whether it is right or wrong. So one year HR generalist where I
will be reading this payroll and everything

[Speaker 1 02:14]
and one more is HR analyst like where I will be doing this programming
language SQL and all that means it is so new for me. So

[Speaker 1 02:24]
I was just on a dialogue like what will you suggest, what should I do
with my profile right now? Okay.

[Speaker 1 02:31]
Okay. Yeah. So see, I would tell you one thing, Okay obviously in this
particular program like the programs that we have, we have different
verticals or problems Okay.

[Speaker 1 02:42]
So wherein we will be covering all the vertical structures that are
operations, learning and development. Then we have rewards and
compensation benefits. Then we have pay roles and compliances. So we
have everything with us Okay and coming to the HR analyst, I would
recommend you to go ahead with something which is into analytics. I
will tell you why Okay. So nowadays if you must be looking, Lord of
industry organizations are laying off people

[Speaker 1 03:10]
Okay and people who are actually not having the technical forces,
other first people to be laid off. This will be harsh reality. Okay.
Even though the management people like remanagement people, they also
have to have certain analytical skills in themselves so that they are
able to survive in the industry for the next 5 years down the line
Okay. So obviously analytics is something that I would recommend. So
basically in this particular program like the program that we have,
you will be having the top solving like related to the HRT itself but
you will be implementing it with the help of analytics,

[Speaker 1 03:45]
Okay, Okay. So this is how basically the program will be. So please
program call like sorry. So basically this is a professional
certificate program in human resource management and analytics and
this program is directly offered by IM Kozhikode. Do you have any idea
about like what is IM Kozhikode? I am I have heard somewhere but I
have no proper idea Okay. So basically Kozhikode is the city in Kerala

[Speaker 1 04:13]
Okay and I am Kozhikode is ranking at the 3rd best. I am in India
Okay. So first of all I am Ahmedabad where and I am Bangalore there
and then I am Kozhikode there Okay. So in this particular program it
is especially meant for working professionals like you who are looking
forward to any kind of promotions, appraisals, vertical change or even
for the Max like you are. If you are looking for a organization case
since you said in the beginning of your you are doing night shift and
you want to go ahead with something which can help you get a proper
day to day work life balance

[Speaker 1 04:47]
right. So obviously in this particular program it is something which
is achievable. Okay. Sharan if you don't mind may I know like since
you are having 4 years of experience right? So you are working at an
executive level or you are working at a big level or a senior level
professional. I work as a senior technical recruiter okay. Senior
technical and recruiter Yeah okay. And if you dont mind, may I know
like what is the current security that you are trying just to
understand the growth and raise for you.

[Speaker 1 05:17]
Yeah currently I am having 10,

[Speaker 1 05:20]
10 healthy. Yeah okay understood. So then if you are someone who is
looking for an organization change then I would totally recommend you
to go ahead with this program itself. Why am I recommending you is
this program is 3 reasons for is there for that. Obviously analytics
is something that we are implementing in the Azad domain since
previously if you know HR people used to maintain their datas and
records manual query but now a days analytics is something that they
are implementing.

[Speaker 1 05:46]
So if you approach, if your approach is to work in top multinational
companies as well as top product based company, OK so in that
particular way analytics system that is very much required Okay.
Second why am I suggesting you this particular program is obviously I
am Kollicor is as if you know it is a tier one College in India okay.
So obviously setting some good job opportunities again in
multinational companies as well as 14500 companies will be very much
easy for you. Okay as a recruiter, you must also be knowing like

[Speaker 1 06:17]
in India we prefer people who come from IAM than IIT, right? So
obviously, so this kind of brand that is something that will help you
to get some good job opportunities. Apart from that 3rd reason why am
I suggesting you this program is because this program comes with our
assistance Okay with me. Once you complete this particular set of
program, you don't have to go out and look for the job opportunity
rather upgrade will help you out with the job opportunity.

[Speaker 1 06:43]
And since you are working as a senior technical recruiter, obviously
if I say in the upcoming appraisal year, obviously you must be looking
out for some kind of promotion such as HRVPCHRO kind of designations,
right. So obviously this particular program will help you in that kind
of promotions and appraisals as well. So like sorry to speak in the
middle, I have just forgetting. So I just want to ask you, so like
right now like my package is like almost 9.95, like you can take it as
10, but like if I do the certification and when I go for a job, like,

[Speaker 1 07:15]
do I get the appraisal like in this package? Yeah. So

[Speaker 1 07:19]
obviously if I talk about the market industry rate Okay, so lets
suppose the first sit in the same organization Okay. So your appraisal
in the like in the upcoming financial year April, you will be getting
a high cost somewhere around 5 to 10 percentage. That is the basic
industry rate Okay. But if you change your organization you will get
somewhere around 20% of height. That means if you are getting 10 LPA
as of now, you will get Max to Max 11 days something that you will get

[Speaker 1 07:46]
Okay. But if you are doing a certification program Okay obviously with
the promotion from this program you can get an like we have got
actually 400% maximum salary hike Okay and apart from that being
average salary height is somewhere around 56% of average salary height
is somewhere that you can expect.

[Speaker 1 08:05]
So obviously adding a brand tag, adding a certification to your name,
keeping letting the industry know that I am content continuously
upscaling myself, obviously it will help you to fetch some good height
rather than just dragging yourself at 10:00 to 20% of help Okay. So
that is how basically this particular program will help you

[Speaker 1 08:27]
okay since you one more thing like the past experience what I have
like now I currently have this 4 point something experience know will
this help me right. Like I yeah obviously you are still in the record
domain right? And you are also upstilling yourself in the HR domain if
in case like like suppose if you if you want to change your vertical
only HR domain again that is something that will be adding value to
your profile only Okay. So lets suppose that I am a network recruiter
for 5 years now Okay.

[Speaker 1 08:58]
And now I want to go ahead in the learning and development department.
So obviously in learning and development department I will be taking
care of the people who are new fresher at HRHR right for them. Also
for me to teach recruitment is something that is my path. So obviously
that will be an additional advantage to your portfolio. Apart from
that if you are good in analytics also you even if you want to go
ahead in learning and development part, you can teach about an item
because you are well assisted with that

[Speaker 1 09:27]
Okay. So if I talk about the report in the LinkedIn report 89% people
like who get layoff okay you must be knowing like a lot of industries
are laying off people. So 89% who are getting rid of apart like in
those 65% are the people from the management side, Okay and mostly the
people are the people who are not having any technical skills like
they are not having any knowledge about tours and technology.

[Speaker 1 09:53]
So that is where this particular program comes in Okay and the best
11% are the people who are wisdom of just cost cutting about the
company organization. That is something that we cannot help. But the
first part 89% is something that we can help by building of the
analytical skill so that we have settled job for the next 5 years down
the line. So that is where this particular program comes in. Okay,

[Speaker 1 10:15]
if I give you a little highlight about the program, Saranya here. So
basically this is a complete online program especially meant for
working professionals like you who are looking forward to appraisals,
promotions or even for organization change. This is a 5 month duration
program wherein you will be getting your life classes on Saturdays or
on Sundays. So 2 hours on Saturdays or on Sundays is something that
you will have to end this. And for the rest of your details from
Monday to Friday you will be given certain service learning content to
go through free recorded sessions. It will be wherein you will just
have to invest 30 to 45 minutes of your daily time.

[Speaker 1 10:49]
Okay. Yeah. In this particular program, one program you will be
awarded with the certificate directly from IM Kozhikode. There will be
no mentioning of upgrade or any 3rd party as such Okay and your
certificate is going to be globally aggregated. That means it will be
accredited by issuers as well as Amber. So even though if you are
looking outside job opportunities in abroad countries also your
certificate is going to be valid. Okay, okay.

[Speaker 1 11:15]
Apart from that if I talk about little about the curriculum here. So
here you are going to start off with introduction to HR analytics
wherein you will be understanding about SRG role of HR people
analytics which is very much important for the leadership rules and
then critical stages of parent life cycle. Then you will be having HR
practices in benchmarking, workforce planning and talent hosting
analytics, talent acquisition and development analytics, induction and
cultural fit, talent engagement analytics, collaboration analytics
wherein you will be building a sector scheme. Then talent analytics,
potential performance

[Speaker 1 11:50]
reward, payrolls, talent retention analytics, wherein you will be
understanding about attrition rate

[Speaker 1 11:55]
and then employee Wellness, health and safety. All of these like
modules,

[Speaker 1 12:01]
like modules is something that you will be learning it through tools
and technologies. So here we will be covering 2 tools. First is going
to be advance itself. I believe basic issue is something that you must
be using in your day to day life, right? Yeah,

[Speaker 1 12:14]
so advance Excel. Yeah, so advanced Excel is something that we will be
using first 2. And the second tool that you will be using is going to
be a data visualization tool which is known as Taplu. I believe you
must have heard about the tool wire. Yes, yes I know. As I work in a
technical background. I know this Tableau, Power, BISQL, Python. I
know all the skills like

[Speaker 1 12:35]
how they work but I dont know deepening of all those things Okay. So
here we will be covering these 2 tools Okay. Apart from that one more
thing I wanted to add on since you asked by the end of the program
basically you will be having one cash on project okay. So this cash on
project is basically a mini research project wherein you can choose
your own specialization in the hazard domain Okay. So lets suppose I
want to go ahead and learning and development or you want to go ahead
and reverse and compensation. So what I will do is I will do my
captain project, my research project by the end of the program

[Speaker 1 13:08]
in that particular vertical itself and I will get a specialization in
the HR domain OKAY apart from that in this particular program
basically it's not like that. You come up and you take up a program
and after 5 months you will get a certification. Its not like that
there is a whole lot of evaluation criteria also. So there is 3 case
studies which will be driven by I and Kozhikode faculty. This 3 case
studies will hold a total evaluation dateage of 30 percentage okay

[Speaker 1 13:35]
Then your capsule target which you will be submitting that will also
hold the evaluation dateage of 30 percentage and the best 40
percentage is something that will be depending upon the MCQ that you
will be submitting right after the completion of your individual
module. Okay Sir. Lets suppose for the first 3 weeks you have
Introduction to HR Analytics to after that you will be having one NCP.
You will have to submit it and based on that 40% evaluation or
something that you will be having

[Speaker 1 14:03]
okay. Yeah what is the price for this like I didnt ask you regarding.
Yeah so basically the fee structure of this particular program is
₹1,27,000 wherein you dont have to pay the full amount in the after.
Basically there is an application evaluation process wherein you will
have to attend the screening call okay. So this is going to be a 5
minutes of telephonic screening call wherein you will have to fill out
an application okay and we will have to see whether your application
gets shortlisted or not because each and every person does not get
into an IIR. So first you will have to fill out an application form.
Once you fill out an application form,

[Speaker 1 14:40]
your application has to get shortlisted. That means you need to get an
offer letter.

[Speaker 1 14:43]
Once you receive an offer letter, then you will just have to pay
15,000 as your initial registration fee and the difference amount will
help you get it converted into EMIS as well. So we have 3 months of no
cost EMI plan, which comes around ₹37,333. As well as you have
standard EMI plans also, which goes up to 60 months, sorry, 36 months.
So for 36 months it will come somewhere around ₹4000 something per
month. So this is how basically

[Speaker 1 15:10]
EMIS and everything will be. So that it is not a burden on you also
Okay, okay and that sounds good actually. Yeah. One more thing I
wanted to add on here is so even though you are looking out for job
organization change here, right. So just the program can be really
hopeful for you, I will tell you how. So this is a 500 duration
program Okay once you come it is not mandatory for you to complete 5
months in order to start getting the job opportunities. Once you
complete the second month of the program,

[Speaker 1 15:37]
basically you will be given an access to a portal which is known as
upgrade delivery Okay. So basically upgrade delivery is a hiring
portal exclusively for upgrade students wherein you have somewhere
around 300 plus hiring partners. So these hiring partners are top
product based companies, top multinational companies as well as
Fortune 500 companies who have certain seats reserve for applying that
is how they are are tied up partners.

[Speaker 1 16:00]
OK. Apart from that here we will also be helping you with certain
personalized section wherein your first of all career mentorship
presence will be taken by the industry expert. This is going to be one
on one wherein taking your prior years of experience into
consideration, how your next 10 years out and I know something going
to look alike, its something that will be guided. Then you will have

[Speaker 1 16:21]
industry mentorship session wherein what kind of analytical skills are
appreciated by the industry and how you are building upon that in this
particular program is something that will be guided and then you will
have mock interview preparation session as well. So what kind of
company you should approach to? What kind of

[Speaker 1 16:36]
package you are approaching to based on that what kind of questions
would be asked in the HR interview round. All of those things are
something that we will be driving you okay Apart from that the job
opportunities which you will expect after the completion of the
program is Visa data analyst if our specialist each are business
analyst, people advisor each our business partners. So all the job
opportunities that we provide from this particular program are from
middle professionals who senior level professional itself

[Speaker 1 17:02]
Okay. So that is how basically in this particular program we will be
helping. Apart from that we will also be helping you with your profile
Also in the like a I powered profile building, I believe you must be
knowing about 8 years everything since you come from the recruitment
department. Yeah, yeah, I know, Yeah. So here we will also be helping
you with your profile wherein we will be helping you to maintain your
LinkedIn, your CD as well as your resume with the help of a I power
profile building, which is.

[Speaker 1 17:30]
So obviously if you are doing a program from a tier one College in
India obviously height and promotion is something that is very much
achievable.

[Speaker 1 17:39]
Okay

[Speaker 1 17:41]
any questions that you have.

[Speaker 1 17:43]
No like I I was just thinking like should I have something like like
what I what I really worry is like the one thing which I was happened
in my mind is just like 1,27,000. I was not knowing this EMI option
that is clear that is well and good. And the second one is like when I
am investing this much I I just need I am just worried regarding the
placement. As you are telling we will be having the mentors and
everything.

[Speaker 1 18:11]
I think I just have like I am getting that conference enough like I
can go with it but I will just discuss the same thing with my family
too because like we could also know. Yeah one more thing I want to
help you understand here Karina is. So basically apart from the
certificate from IM Kozhikode okay you will be actually getting it
directly from I am Kozhikode. There will be no mentioning of upgrade
or any 3rd party as well

[Speaker 1 18:35]
Okay since the program is directly from I am Kozhikode, we applied
others, the admission partners as well as the post service thing Okay.
So post completion service. So and under post completion means that
once you complete this 500 agent program, we will be helping you out
with the job opportunities and everything for the next 3 years Okay.
So let suppose we have a program like that which is going to start on
15th of February

[Speaker 1 19:00]
Okay. So in this 15th of February, let suppose if you take up this
particular prepaid, you will be completing it in somewhere around
September month in this year itself okay. So if you are completing it
in the September month as well for 2024 to 2027, you will be having
the access to the job portal Okay for next years. Apart from that the
recorded session which also you will be having, you will be having it
for the next 3 years. So like let suppose after 2 years down the line,
if you want to change your organization again

[Speaker 1 19:31]
what you can do is you can come at, take take a look at the recorded
session, again prepare yourself for the interview and then you can
again sit for the interview. So for 3 years is something that we are
providing you with this assistance. Apart from that one more
certificate is something that we are going to help you out here is
that is known as National Skills Development Corporation. Have you
heard about NSTC? No, no, actually Okay. So basically NSDC is a
government body that is known as National Skill Development
Corporation in India. So you will be awarded a certificate from them
also to be like you will.

[Speaker 1 20:04]
Be a 45 skilled person in your particular domain,

[Speaker 1 20:07]
Okay. So obviously if your approach is towards multinational companies
as well as

[Speaker 1 20:13]
product this company, obviously this particular certification will add
advantage to your profile. Will

[Speaker 1 20:20]
will we need to pay anything further for that? No, no, no. Everything
is included in this ₹1,27,000 Okay. So I will do one thing even though
if you are looking out for these followership also, I can help you
with that. But first what I would recommend you is I will share you
all the details of this particular program to you on your WhatsApp as
well as on your email ID

[Speaker 1 20:42]
which says Sharanya sharma.d@gmail.com Okay yeah

[Speaker 1 20:48]
so you go through the details and everything Okay and if you have any
questions or any doubt you can refer to me on WhatsApp. I will give
you a call. Okay. Apart from that, speak to you someone who is on the
higher hierarchy from your end. Okay maybe your manager or someone who
is already at a CHRO position or an HRBP position. Ask them, show them
the curriculum that this is something that I want to go ahead with.
Ask them there. Actually the team is since I can't do that because if
if I came to know that I am leaving the organization

[Speaker 1 21:18]
okay you know right how it will be. So I have a like a proper like
guidance with my family itself like I will talk to them anyway. This
reason that I am going to meet like 2 or 3 who are into another
actually

[Speaker 1 21:34]
okay and let me so I will just refer to them. You just share me the
curriculum, like what are the details like I can show to them. And
thank you so much for your time. First of all,

[Speaker 1 21:45]
yeah speak better and actually one of my friend is also getting
enrolled. I don't know for which course. She only told me regarding
this upgrade like everything so much

[Speaker 1 21:56]
thing. Karani, I wanted to I wanted to add one more thing. Actually
these life classes which will happen Saturdays and Sundays since you
have so much concerned about the authorities

[Speaker 1 22:06]
2 days before no no either it will be on Saturday or on Sunday. So if
it is on Saturday it will be in the late evening 7:00 to 10 or if it
is on Sunday then it will be in the morning itself okay. So basically
in this 5 classes I will just give you a glimpse of it okay. These
life classes does not have any attendance purposes yet Sir Okay. But I
would totally recommend you to go ahead with the like others. Why is
because I was having one learner okay

[Speaker 1 22:32]
like last year only and she actually had a very good connection with
the batmate. She used to attend the live classes. She has good
connection with eye and Collico faculty as well as a back mate. So in
corporate know like how referral works like yes, I know, I know

[Speaker 1 22:47]
Okay. Yeah, so she was having one like learner with herself itself,
she was remembered Banaya, she was director and Bosch Okay. And
actually that particular candidate got a hike of somewhere around 350%
of hike because Ranjha Nair that is how basically people build a lot
of network and the life classes itself. So that is also something that
you can look forward to Okay

[Speaker 1 23:14]
in Bangalore, like do you people have the like companies connection in
Bangalore also, right? Are you looking in the foreign bank?

[Speaker 1 23:24]
Okay. Okay. Yeah, so I'm calling from Bangalore only. My office is
near for Mangala Tiwari. So okay. I stay in Aryan Nagar actually Okay

[Speaker 1 23:35]
so its far from here.

[Speaker 1 23:37]
I shared you all the details Please hold Sir and if you have any
questions you can reach out to me. My WhatsApp number. This is
companys number. You will not be able to reach me out on this okay
WhatsApp number. Like where we have texted you where I was texting to
you before that I think that will be your WhatsApp number right? If I
have contacted something like that I will be reaching out to them like
whatever the doubts like after talking to people. Anyhow like I think
I will be having some little bit doubts on that. So I will clarify
with you like when is the like next batch which is going to start.

[Speaker 1 24:06]
So we have an upcoming bank starting from February 15th, Okay like
rather than that any one more date because like as I was like recently
married they were planning to some vacation or something like that. So
I just want to have this broad date, if it is

[Speaker 1 24:24]
not February what else like I have a time. As of now we don't have any
idea about like the next batch. We have not got any notification from
IM Kollicode. But I actually if you are looking out for an
organization team then I would totally recommend you the Sebi 15 batch
LGB one logic region okay for this. Let suppose if you are looking for
organization change, you know in April financial year will start, a
lot of budgeting will happen and then there will be a lot of mass
hiring.

[Speaker 1 24:48]
So April is the best month for you to get shortlisted in any other
company with a good package rather than any other month throughout the
year. That even for starting start the course in a February, it will
be like only 2 to 3 months right? Like that is what I said. So

[Speaker 1 25:06]
Sir once some somewhere around 1.5 months to 2 second month you will
get start getting the job accordingly. So that is what I said, Like
you dont need to complete your 500 addition program in order to hard
getting the job. Only any which ways. If you go out and say in the
interview that I have already purchasing a quote from an IIM,
obviously you getting shortlisted is going to be there top priority.

[Speaker 1 25:26]
So this is how basically it works. Obviously, most of the people take
it because of the brand bag itself and because analytics is something
that we are implementing here. So obviously, these 2 tips are
something that will help you, but absolutely don't have any idea about
the next plan. Do take your recommendation from your peers and then
let me know. Okay. Sure, sure, sure. Please share the details like
which will request like which we just spoke. No, it's an analytic.
This 1I will just go through it and I will come back to you, Sir.
Yeah, sure. Okay. No issue. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.

[Speaker 1 25:57]
Yeah, you too. Bye,

[Speaker 1 25:58]
bye.
