[Sales Agent 00:00]
Hello. Yeah, Ashwin, like, is this the right hand? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay. So actually this is Priyanshi. I am a senior program expert
calling you on behalf of I am Kozhikode on Apprad Education. Okay, I
see that you have been exploring our website regarding an HR
management and analytics program, right? So before me helping you out
with the program details actually, could you please help me understand
a little about your profile like what is your professional background
and your educational background?

[Customer 00:30]
Yeah, my educational medicine is MBAHR Pharmacy.

[Customer 00:32]
In 2006, 2004, 2006 expired and after that I worked in ITC in the HR.
But then next job for, I mean I got married for 15 years, no job
expenses. So now I want to get back to work. Before that I want to
upgrade myself to whatever is the latest thing that is happening. 15
years is a longer

[Customer 00:55]
that is the whole thing.

[Sales Agent 00:57]
Okay And how many years of experience you are holding?

[Customer 00:59]
Not years, some 9 months and then I got permanent. But before I could
get permanent I got married. So then I did not take this offer.

[Sales Agent 01:09]
Okay, Okay. So like just in 9 months was something like a
propositionary. Right? Yes, Yes, yes, Okay, understood. So Ashwith,
since you have 15 years of CAB, could you please help me understand?
Like did you try to take up any kind of certification in this
particular 15 years of course.

[Customer 01:27]
We are into a hospitality industry service, part of the family
business only.

[Sales Agent 01:31]
Okay. So you were taking care of that?

[Customer 01:34]
Yeah, we were part of that.

[Sales Agent 01:41]
Okay, understood. And since you have 15 years of gap like like
thinking of coming back to the industry, did you apply for any job
opportunities? Did you get any job of things?

[Customer 01:51]
No, The thing is I have not applied yet. I want to upgrade myself
first and then just do it. So how long is the course? Whatever it is I
want, I would want to know details so that accordingly I can.

[Sales Agent 02:02]
Do about it, Okay. Understood. So I have a perfect program for you.
Okay.

[Sales Agent 02:07]
There are 3 main reasons I am suggesting this program. This is a
program which is a professional certificate program in HR management
and Analytics Okay This program is offered by IM Kozhikode. Do you
have any idea about IIM Kozhikode I?

[Customer 02:21]
Just heard about it, not too much details.

[Sales Agent 02:24]
Okay. So I believe in India. You must be knowing about IIMS right? So
obviously yeah I am. I am quizzing code is university in Kerala Okay
and its ranking at the 3rd best. I am in India Okay.

[Sales Agent 02:36]
Obviously the 3 main reasons for you to take up this particular
program is you need to understand that you have 15 years of gap Okay.
So a normal human resource management certificate will not help you
Okay. Because now in the current industry, people are looking for
people are looking forward to people who are good in analytics also.
That means they should have certain technical skills at also Okay. So
obviously this particular program will help you in that Okay. Second,
why am I suggesting you this particular program If your approach is
worth ID industry top product based companies as well as 14500
companies.

[Sales Agent 03:10]
This IM brand tag will help you to such a good job opportunities with
a handsome salary package as well Okay. And 3rd main reason is why am
I suggesting you this particular program is because once you complete
this particular set of program you dont have to go out and look for
the job opportunity rather upgrad will help you out with the job
opportunity. Okay okay. So I will help you understand about this
particular program, how basically it goes. So this is a complete
online program and it is offered by IM Kozhikode Okay. This is a 5
months duration program. Therein you will be having your life classes
on Saturdays or Sundays Okay. So 2 hours on Saturdays or on Sundays is
something that you will have to invest in your life classes and for
the rest of your weekdays you will be having certain self learning
content to go through which you can go to any time of the day.

[Customer 03:55]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 03:56]
Sir, thank you. So basically in this particular program, as I told
you, we will be going to start off with introduction to HR Analytics,
wherein you will be understanding about the strategic role of HR
people analytics, critical status of talent life cycle, Agar practices
and benchmarking, workforce planning and talent coursing analytics,
talent acquisition and development analytics, induction and
characteristic talent engagement analytics elaboration analytics
wherein you will be building effective.

[Customer 04:23]
Schemes.

[Sales Agent 04:24]
Calendar, narrative performance potential rewards, pay rules and
compliances, talent retention, analytics and then employee Wellness
and health and safety Okay. Once you complete with all of these
modules basically you will be provided with one capstone budget Okay.
So since you come from Elsa domain, you have done NBA and data you
must be doing in HR domain. Also there are different different sub
verticals also right. There is learning and development, there is HR
operating, there is another acquisition, there is a lot of vertical,
right. So

[Sales Agent 04:54]
course I want to go ahead in the HR operations vertical okay or I want
to go ahead with records and benefits as my vertical. So what I will
do is by the end of the program I will choose my cash loan product, my
mini research project and I will do my research on this particular
domain which I want to go ahead with. Like suppose I want to go with
HR operations, I will do my, I will submit my final project into that
Okay. So in HR domain also you can have your own specialization with
the help of this project.

[Sales Agent 05:25]
Okay. Apart from that, in this particular program, it is not a program
wherein you just come, you pay the fees and you get a certificate from
my end. It's not like that. Basically there is going to be an
evaluation round because this particular program does not have a lot
of

[Sales Agent 05:39]
academic approach to the program rather it has a lot of practical
oriented approach Okay. So when I say practical oriented approach,
basically you will be working on 3 case studies. This will be driven
by IIM Kozhikode faculty okay. So these case 3 case studies will hold
an evaluation weightage of 30 percentage okay. Then your capsule
project at the end of the program that I was telling you about
resource project that will again hold the evaluation rateage of 30
percentage

[Sales Agent 06:07]
Okay and then you will be having MC Q's also which will be right after
the completion of your certain module. So let suppose for first 3
weeks you are studying about introduction to retire analysis then you
will be having an MCQ 2 solve and based on that those MCQ you will be
having 40% of your evaluation leakage. Okay.

[Sales Agent 06:28]
Apart from that this is basically how the curriculum and everything is
designed. You will be having your life classes directly from my end
tohico secondary as as well as with the help of industry experts also.
Why industry experts? These industry experts are handpicked by on
Corey course Okay and these industry experts will help you to
understand more about the technical skills that the skills required in
the HR domain and the current industry.

[Sales Agent 06:52]
It is appreciated by the current industry and how you can build up on
those in this particular program Okay. So this is how basically the
taxes and everything will be once you complete your particular
program. Okay you will be basically covering 2 analytical tools also
here as you know this is an analytics program so you will be covering
advance Excel. Okay I believe you must have used basic excel in your
day to day life right? So here you will be using advance access and
you will also be learning about the data visualization tool which is
tablet,

[Sales Agent 07:23]
Okay, Cap, Log, Tableau, Tableau, Taw, Air West, yeah, Tableau I
believe you must have heard about it. Really. I.

[Customer 07:30]
Am off on this right now. I am not aware of this.

[Sales Agent 07:33]
OK, no issues, no issues then you will be actually getting to learn
everything very much basis only okay apart from that in this
particular program. Once you complete this particular certification
program, you will be awarded a certificate from IIM Kozhikode. There
will be no mentioning of upgrade or any 3rd party as such Okay.

[Sales Agent 07:53]
Yeah and apart from that your particular certificate is going to be
globally accredited by EQS and AMBA. When I say globally accredited
that suppose after 5 years or 10 years down the line if you are
looking out the job opportunities in abroad countries also just
certificate is going to be valid there as well Okay. Apart from that
you will also be getting one more certificate where you will be
getting certified by NSDC. Do you have any idea like what is NSDC?

[Customer 08:20]
No.

[Sales Agent 08:21]
Okay. So basically NSBC is National Skill Development Corporation.
It's a central government body of India. Okay. Once you get do this
particular program, you will be certified by National Skill
Development Corporation which will eventually prove that you are a
skilled person in your domain. Okay,

[Sales Agent 08:40]
hello. Yeah, yeah. So this is how basically the program will be. Do
you have any questions till now regarding the curriculum or?

[Customer 08:47]
Anything or else everything is good but.

[Sales Agent 08:51]
Send it all Bangalore.

[Customer 08:52]
Actually that great excel and all. So I hope during the course I will
be upgraded with that also or do I need to rush up before that?

[Sales Agent 09:01]
No, no no. Actually you will be starting off with very much basics
because if you know earlier like when you have a few years of cab, you
must be knowing like HR people used to maintain their datas manually.
Right. Their datas and records manually.

[Sales Agent 09:14]
But now it is since you know nowadays more of technical skills are
required by the industries, right. So if your approach is toward in a
IT industry or in a top product, the company or a multinational
company, so there they will require analytical skills and their issues
and it will be mentioned, yeah. So that is why we will be helping you
with these 2 tools. Okay, okay, okay. Now coming about the job
opportunities are now everything will happen.

[Sales Agent 09:41]
So this is not a program wherein you just need to complete 5 months in
order to start getting the job opportunities. Basically once you
complete the second month of the program, you will be given an access
to a portal which is known as upgrade Elevate, Okay. So Upgrade
Elevate, basically it is an hiring portal exclusively for upgrad
students wherein we have somewhere around 300 plus hiring partners

[Sales Agent 10:02]
Okay. So these hiring partners are usually top product to these
companies, top multinational companies as well as 405, 100 companies
if I name of you IBM, Bosch, Axis, Bank, App, Gemini, Concentrate,
Styloid, Accenture, Amazon, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Frectile, KPMG.
So we have a lot of companies like these who have certain seats
reserved for upgrad students. Okay. Apart from that here we will also
be helping you with certain personalized sessions because you know you
have 15 years of gap, you dont have the idea about the industry

[Sales Agent 10:34]
okay. So here we will be having certain personalised account. These
sessions will be one on one session. Why one on one session? Because
each and every learner who take up this particular program has their
own story they have they have their own background story right. So
based on that we will be having one on one session wherein first
session will be career and process session wherein taking your prior
years of experience into consideration how your next tenure is down
the line in your career road after you taking up this particular
program is gonna look alike if something is going to be guided in the
Karan and download.

[Customer 11:05]
Session.

[Sales Agent 11:05]
Okay. Industry mentorship session. Well, what kind of industrial
skills like the technical skills are appreciated by the current
industry and how you will be building up on those in this particular
program or something that will be guided in industriment or such
fashion? Okay. And then obviously you will have a mock and tell you
preparation session, wherein what kind of job opportunities you should
approach to? What kind of industry you should approach to based on
your technical skills and prior experience and what is the job
description of those particular job opportunities. How to get the
rebuttal to the question? What kind of questions will be asked in the
HR interview? How to negotiate with the salary package?

[Sales Agent 11:42]
Although please the skills is something that we will be getting in
mock interview preparation session. Okay Okay

[Sales Agent 11:47]
okay. Apart from that we will also be helping you with your EI powered
profile building. Okay wherein like I don't know if you know nowadays
recruiters have started with this 8 years tracking system. Do you have
any idea about a TS

[Sales Agent 12:03]
Okay? So lets suppose that I am a person. I am looking for the job job
profiles in HR domain okay. I am applying for a lot of jobs on
linkedin.com or naukri.com but my profile does not get broadcasted.
This is due to because of nowadays recruiters have started using alias
which is Applicant tracking system. This is a a I Profa powered
billing Okay profile building wherein your profile has to be 8 years
friendly in order to get shortlisted

[Sales Agent 12:29]
okay. So for that we will be helping you with your Linkin profile,
your resume and your CD which is going to the 8 years friendly Okay.
Apart from that since like most of the recruiters what they do is they
put certain filters in order to shortlist people. So they put certain
keywords like analytics Okay and they also put certain filters like
tier one College in India Okay. So obviously when they put tier one
College in India, I am quizzing. So you will be given the

[Sales Agent 12:59]
definitely on the priority basis. That means you will be getting
shortlisted Gambhir priority basis. So these are the products that we
will be providing you. So we will be providing you with a technical
source that we will be providing you with 3 will be providing you with
the job opportunities as well as interview calls. All you have to do
from your end is to crack the interview, okay, yeah. Any questions
that you have till now, no. So.

[Customer 13:22]
Far everything is very fiftythree year. What is the free structure
like if you could tell me.

[Sales Agent 13:26]
Yeah, so basically the fee structure of this particular program is
1,27,000 Okay wherein you dont have to pay the full amount in the
other. Basically there is an application process wherein first we will
be helping you to fill in the application form. So not each and every
learner gets opportunity to get into this particular IAM okay. So
basically there will be a screening round wherein you will have to
connect over a Google lead Okay and once you connect over Google need
there will be a fixed program bench head okay who will be

[Sales Agent 13:57]
taking your 5 minutes of interview call

[Sales Agent 13:59]
over the Google meet itself Okay. Then they will ask you to fill in
the application and once you fill in the application your application
has to get shortlisted okay. So once your application gets shortlisted
you will be receiving an offer letter and once you receive an offer
letter then only you will be asked to make the initial payment of at
the admission fees. So initially you will just have to pay one sorry
₹15,000 as your initial registration fees and the rest of the amount
you can get it converted into EMIS also. So we have 3 months of no
cost EMI, which comes around ₹37,333 per month.

[Sales Agent 14:34]
And then we have standard EMI plans also, which goes till 9 months, 12
months, 18 months as well as 36 months also Okay. Why we are providing
36 months of EMI as as of now is. So let us suppose if you are
interested towards the program Okay, what you can do is you can pay
15,000 in order to block your seat for this particular program Okay
and the rest of the amount get it converted into 36 months of EMI so
that it is not important on you, Sir, you get converted into 36 months
of EMI. Your monthly expense will come to ₹4000 per month

[Sales Agent 15:06]
3, ₹3951 to the exact okay. You can pay 4004, 1000 for the initial 5
months when you are pursuing this program. And once you get a
certificate, once you get a good job opportunities from upgrade child
and everything, then you can pre close your EMI to 24 months, 12
months 91 based on the financing affordability you have at that
particular thing understood. So that is why we are providing these
money opportunities. Apart from that, one more advantage I wanted to
help you understand about this program is

[Sales Agent 15:36]
so apart. Apparently Upgrad will help you out with the job
opportunities here, right? But in these live classes, if you see we
have a lot of people who have 10 years, 15 years of experience in the
HR domain itself who take up this particular program just to keep
their profile updated with analysis or to just have a brand tag of IM
Kozhikode okay so you can have a good information with your batch may
also. So there will be 60 students in your batch wherein you can have
interaction with your batmates and in corporate if you know.

[Customer 16:08]
Yes, yes, yes.

[Sales Agent 16:10]
Yeah, so even your bat mate may be able to help you out with a lot of
job opportunities also as the reference Okay. So actually we were
having a learner last year, she was sitting at 1:00, 0.8 LGO package
after completing her NDA and 3 months of experience, Okay and she had
a good like she used to attend the live classes. She has good good
rapper with the badness and everything and from her back itself she
got a job opportunity of 8 LPA. So she had a hike of 433%

[Sales Agent 16:39]
okay. Sir, 433% is the highest my salary height that is. Yeah, even
though freshers who are taking up this program after completing MBA,
they can expect a package of 6 to 8 MBM. Okay. Taking your profile
into consideration, you have been 15 years of experience. You can
actually expect a package ranging from 5 to 8 LPM Okay. That is
something that you can expect as a beginning of the career okay. Apart
from that, people who are already in the HRDO mail, they are looking
forward to the program.

[Sales Agent 17:10]
They will get 56% as their height, okay, average health.

[Sales Agent 17:16]
So these are the return and investment or something that you can
expect from this particular program Okay, okay and apart from the?

[Customer 17:23]
Sorry to interrupt. What is the screening round all about? As in what
those normal question? What kind of questions do they ask, if I may
ask?

[Sales Agent 17:31]
So basically in screening around how what will happen now I will share
you all the details about the problem, the brochure and everything you
can go through it. Okay since feeding around basically the like the
5th program, one of the member of the 6th program bench will be
available. They will just try to understand your profile and your
intent before taking up this particular program.

[Sales Agent 17:50]
Because I said there is an evaluation and that which like 30% for case
that is 30% for this. So they will just reiterate and they will make
sure that you are the person who will be able to complete the side
mass relation program. They will check the intent and everything and
once they seem like that you are good to go for the program they will
ask you to fill up the application form and once you fill up the
application form they will only short shortlist your application there
on the Google meet itself. Okay.

[Sales Agent 18:16]
So it's nothing to be like shared or it's not going to be something
which is going to be very sick but yet because.

[Customer 18:21]
There is some preparation.

[Sales Agent 18:22]
Required then I will.

[Customer 18:23]
Do it on fee from my end is what I want to do.

[Sales Agent 18:25]
No, no, no. There is no such preparation required. You just have to be
confident and you will just have to have the intent of picking up this
particular program okay. So basically there is an like a form like
it's a Google form which will have to fill in order to schedule your
screening ground Okay.

[Sales Agent 18:42]
So it will ask you a statement of purpose and why exactly you are
looking forward to the course and everything. You will have to provide
that and you will have to provide your like date where when you want
to be the screening down to be scheduled okay. And then once the
timing and date is confirmed, we will be helping you out to understand
we will be scheduling a Google lead with them. You can attend the
Google meet, understand the things which you have any questions. If
you want to ask them directly, you can ask them also that particular
point of time and then you can go ahead with the further process.

[Customer 19:12]
Okay Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:13]
So I will be sharing you all the details on your WhatsApp okay as well
as on your email ID that says ashmish29@gmail.com and you go through
the details and everything first okay and then fill out the screening
form. And once you fill out the screening form, you will get a call,
you will give you understanding what time you will be available and
then we will schedule a Google meet accordingly.

[Customer 19:34]
Fine, fine, fine. Okay.

[Sales Agent 19:36]
Yeah. Any questions which you have before wrapping up the call
Ashwini?

[Customer 19:39]
No, as of now it's missing. Seems clear.

[Sales Agent 19:42]
Yeah, Okay. One more thing I wanted to ask you from your end, Ashish,
since you are not currently working right, so who is going to help you
fund the fees for the program?

[Sales Agent 19:52]
No, I am part.

[Customer 19:52]
Of the business I told you, right? And so I have my, I have. I get a
salary from the business. Everything.

[Sales Agent 19:59]
Thats great, thats great then No issue. Sorry for that.

[Customer 20:04]
Savings also that is not a problem.

[Sales Agent 20:06]
Okay, understood. Understood. So I will be sharing you all the details
first go through it and if you are available sometime in the evening
you can fill in the screening round form. I will be sharing you that
as well and then we will see for the for the classes.

[Customer 20:19]
Okay, fine.

[Sales Agent 20:21]
Okay then okay. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Bye.
