[Sales Agent 00:02]
Hello.

[Customer 00:04]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:06]
Akshit Karvani, Good afternoon. Somvar Desai from Opera Education.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
How are you?

[Customer 00:11]
I am fine, yes.

[Sales Agent 00:13]
Okay actually you booked the company session with us at 12:30 so I
will call you at 12:30 by that I think you will be there and that time
so you didnt pick the call so its good time to problem.

[Customer 00:24]
Yes, it is.

[Sales Agent 00:25]
Yeah, okay, before

[Sales Agent 00:28]
I like explain you all the things about the store, will you please
help me out with your profile so that I can guide you accordingly?
Like because you know digital marketing very fast, right? The rest of
it specialization comes in it so I can travel like this. Sterilization
is worthy for you.

[Customer 00:48]
Okay, actually I was looking for

[Customer 00:53]
some courses for digital marketing and brand communication.

[Sales Agent 00:58]
Tell marketing and brand communication as you help.

[Customer 01:01]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 01:02]
Okay, okay. And what are you doing currently? You are like using
domain current you are working.

[Customer 01:09]
I am I am not working.

[Sales Agent 01:10]
Currently,

[Sales Agent 01:12]
currently you are not working okay. So do you have any work
experience, job experience till now?

[Customer 01:19]
I have worked that marketing marketing agency before this as an
intern.

[Sales Agent 01:28]
Like how much experience okay for your family Dona he can check for 3
months

[Sales Agent 01:36]
okay And how much experience do you hold till now all over you
earlier?

[Customer 01:43]
Just back.

[Sales Agent 01:45]
Sorry.

[Customer 01:47]
Just that 13.

[Sales Agent 01:48]
Months, okay, no issue. So first of all, like you are looking for a
digital marketing or a banking, right, both of them, both of the
program basically

[Sales Agent 02:00]
question is what is your expectation from this course like what
outcome you will look after complete this course?

[Customer 02:11]
Definitely I want to work at a good marketing agency after that.

[Sales Agent 02:16]
Okay, okay, no issue.

[Sales Agent 02:20]
So like in which year you completed your graduation for like your post
graduation?

[Customer 02:24]
2022.

[Sales Agent 02:27]
So since last 2 years you are not working like you have even not
applying for any job right? You already done my internship.

[Customer 02:33]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 02:35]
May I know the reason if you dont mind?

[Customer 02:38]
Actually I am an CM intermediate student so I have done internship but
relating to accounting and all.

[Sales Agent 02:46]
Okay, you are a CA student.

[Sales Agent 02:50]
Okay, I got you kind. I got your no issue. So miss your concern. Let's
talk about the course. So firstly like this course is offered by my
kind of the right. So I hope so you know about if you are talking
about the digital marketing process

[Sales Agent 03:06]
to know about Nykaa, right?

[Sales Agent 03:10]
Yeah, so basically myself stand for Mudran cities of communication
Ahmedabad. Okay, it is the one of the finest institute of digital
marketing. Okay so like this course is offered by my side upgrading
all the Cadmix site are covered by Mica and like all the services part
are covered by a flat

[Sales Agent 03:30]
okay.

[Customer 03:31]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 03:32]
Yeah. So proceed with about the duration of the course is the total
duration of the course is 26 weeks to 51 days,

[Sales Agent 03:41]
okay, yeah, so firstly in first 26 days you will learn about the
basically advanced aspects of digital marketing like how to do like
how to create a website, how to design a website, then how to upload
the content on website, OK? Then how to do SEO, then how to do SEM OK.
So in first 26 weeks you will learn about the all these things of
digital marketing. You will learn about how to run ads in social media
platform, how to do, how to run campaigns, OK.

[Sales Agent 04:15]
After that we have 5 specializations with us. Okay,

[Sales Agent 04:21]
first of all, is social media and content marketing the same? You will
learn about how to run ads with social media platforms like Facebook,
Instagram, YouTube or Google Adwords, right? You can see like when we
upload a video from our account, you can see the reachout of that
videos is is somewhere around 10 to 15,000. But then a influencer
upload a video goes up to the into in the medium, right?

[Sales Agent 04:46]
So why it happens? Because with the account is handled by a
professional digital marketer, right? By using tools. So like your
they will teaching you the same. Okay. Because in digital marketing
there are more than 90 plus tools are you right? So you will learn
about every tour and even you get access of the tools like which tools
is required the duration of the your right.

[Sales Agent 05:10]
Then we have you just told me that like you also looking for a
branding right, for branding and communication as well. So we also
have a specialization called branding and communication in which you
will learn about the brand strategies of the brand can like how you
can convert your brand into a big brand, right? Then you have
marketing analytics, OK. Then we have public relation and then we have
generated diabetes recently add on our course, okay.

[Customer 05:39]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 05:40]
Yeah. So basically the the first 26 weeks you will about the 4 things,
okay. Then after that we have 5 specialization. First specialization,
we will add a duration of spice rates in your code. Okay,

[Sales Agent 05:55]
so like just taking.

[Customer 05:57]
2 specializations as well, right?

[Sales Agent 06:00]
If

[Sales Agent 06:00]
its totally your collision at 2:01 or 3 or 5, it is totally your like
according to your requirement. But I think so if you are a fresher, so
you are starting, you should start with minimum force fertilizations
because like address specialization is important for you because you
are looking only for job, you are looking job in this sector and like
in marketing sector, in branding sector, right?

[Customer 06:23]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 06:23]
And because this course is offered by Micah, Sir Micra will give the
credibility. So you are easily able to get a good job and even we also
provide you a job services. I will just explain you firstly. First I
will tell you about the delivery method of the program. Okay, so your
class will happen on Monday to Friday on recorded session. So where
you can learn at your own page, okay. And Saturday, Sundays we have
live session with us. So on the starting of the week you get a
schedule that at this time

[Sales Agent 06:55]
your life session will get full. Okay, you can attend your session. So
I think so you are not doing a job currently, you are.

[Sales Agent 07:01]
So you are easily able to submit good enough time for like learning
this course, right?

[Sales Agent 07:10]
Yeah. So, so basically the course duration is somewhere around 6.5
months to next around 11.5 months. It starts with all the
specialization. So you are not planning to do any kind of job till
then but like you are also looking for a job as well at this time.

[Customer 07:29]
I am looking for a job Sir. We will see how that works.

[Sales Agent 07:34]
Okay, no issue. So currently in which location you are?

[Customer 07:37]
Pune.

[Sales Agent 07:38]
Okay, currently you are in Pune. No issue,

[Sales Agent 07:42]
no issue. So let's talk about the delivery message. So Monday to
Friday we have recorded session Saturday, Sunday we have live sections
recorded sections are taken by the regular facility of Myka. Okay so I
just

[Sales Agent 07:53]
tell you about the name Faguni Basta Vada Urda. She is a marketing
queen nowadays. You can go to her profile as well. You can see she
have more than 20 plus year of teaching

[Sales Agent 08:05]
teaching digital marketing. Even she done PhD in the digital marketing
as well. So she will teach you in your recorded session with her team

[Sales Agent 08:14]
and the life stations are taken by the industry experts who already
have more than 15 or 20 plus year experience in their fields. I will
just tell you some name like Sakshi D who is the head of search market
in Google. He will also will teach you your life insurance. OK. Then
you have Jaideep Tohu who is the Cambridge University marketing
professor will be teach university. Then we have current salinity CM
of laser pay company and marketing head of one plus company.

[Sales Agent 08:44]
It will also teach you your life patience. Okay, so you hardly need to
commit 7 to 9 hours in a week to become a professional digital
marketing as a on a consistency date is still something around 7 to 8
months. You have to spend 7 to 9 hours 80. Okay so then its come about
then its come to our next services part that upgraded give you okay

[Sales Agent 09:11]
kuchh pahunchi wo SAB grand does we provide you a career course which
is ICF certified career course. Okay so like what IC certified career
course does firstly like are you using Akshit? Are you using LinkedIn?

[Customer 09:24]
Yes, yes.

[Sales Agent 09:27]
So firstly they manage you, they manage your LinkedIn profile very
professionally. So then you are like getting more options for jobs,
right? Then they create a resume for you according to the companies
requirement. Then according to your preference, they shortlist some
companies for you. Okay

[Sales Agent 09:47]
then they arrange a mock interview for you like you just told me that
Sir I want to work with Flipkart company. So like what your career
code does? They arrange a mock interview with the similar companies
walking same like Flipkart company lets another is the best example.
Amazon is also ecommerce based company who is who is working module is
exactly same like Flipkart to get a mock interview at Amazon
completely where you get an idea how your interview will go on
Flipkart company right.

[Sales Agent 10:14]
So then you are easily able to collect that interview. Then after that
you will learn about how to negotiate with the salary card. Okay after
that

[Sales Agent 10:23]
after that you get a active of the job. What will call recruiter in a
recruiter is a India is a job portal which of grads gave you you get
the access of the job portal for the next 3 years. Okay and I will
just tell you about the recruiter in the recruiter in the job person
who gives more than 1500 jobs at a COVID time there when people log
their jobs companies are near though at that time recruiter inter
provide more than 1500 jobs.

[Sales Agent 10:49]
So you will get the access of this portal for the next 3 years. And
the best part of this portal is the that jobs that are available of
Recruiter India is only for the users that are done that are codes
done from upgrade means no outside users can apply for the job. Okay,
Which are available on Recruiter India. Okay.

[Sales Agent 11:09]
After that in this course you will learn about 15 plus live projects
and case study. Because The thing is this course is specially designed
for the working professionals who want monitoring promotional benefit.
We already have more than 12,000 plus learners who already done this
course and get a good formative career growth. If we talk about our
address salary growth if somewhere around 27 to thirtythree percent.
And did we talk about our average starting package of the digital
marketer

[Sales Agent 11:39]
after come after doing this course From my end I was somewhere around
5.5 lakh to 7.5 lakh basically its average number according to the
market standards. Okay we are easily able to get this type of job so
okay

[Sales Agent 11:54]
so like now like lets talk about the fee structure okay So basically
the fees of the core program is 96,000 OK in this start if you start
with the proof specialization minimum so if also she ₹1,13,000 because
first fertilization will cost you 17,000 okay So your total fees is
1,13,096 1000 + 17,000 + 17,002 specialization and

[Sales Agent 12:23]
from total duration of your process 3626 weeks plus 5 weeks then plus
5 weeks 36 weeks okay But The thing is you dont need to pay all the
foods in a single book you need to pay 15,000 then rest of the amount
you can pay in easy MI we have time of 3 to 36 months to pay your new
benefits

[Sales Agent 12:45]
okay.

[Customer 12:47]
Is there any criteria for that?

[Sales Agent 12:50]
Like get the.

[Customer 12:51]
EMI you need to be eligible or something like that.

[Sales Agent 12:56]
Yeah, by sharing your bank statement, aadhaar card, PAN card you are
easily able to get a finance partner. Okay so they will help you in
this. So dont worry we will have a finance team they will surely guide
you in this okay even we have

[Sales Agent 13:12]
you have time 3 to 36 months even we have no cost emis as well. So it
is totally dependent on how much time you want from your side. But
most of the learner like are doing finance because they want, they pay
their fees by their own right,

[Sales Agent 13:27]
Yeah. Or after 6 or 7 months they get placements. They are easily able
to do that, right. So that is the that is the most important part of.

[Customer 13:36]
This for the same reason. Is there any eligibility criteria? Because I
will be doing it, so I will be paying EMI.

[Sales Agent 13:45]
No issue. So the EMI is paying by your by you but like if you are not
eligible so then you can submit your parents document but EMI is
paying by you No not by your parents but for the support like your
parents can also submit your documents. But your age is more than 18,
right?

[Customer 14:06]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 14:07]
And like you are using online transactions as well.

[Customer 14:11]
Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 14:12]
I think you are enough eligible for for the finance part. Dont worry
about that. Dont worry about that. Our financing will help you in
this. So may I know like when you are planning to start this and like
what you want to do like

[Sales Agent 14:27]
because you are not earning right now. So I think so all the financial
decision are taken by your parents, right. So currently you have stay
with your parents or like you have say.

[Customer 14:37]
No, I stay with my parents.

[Sales Agent 14:39]
Okay may I know like what is the payments which you dont mind?

[Customer 14:44]
My mom is in hospital administrator so she works.

[Sales Agent 14:48]
In hospital administrator Okay for which college

[Sales Agent 14:55]
name Jaipur?

[Customer 15:01]
No, she works in Shirpur branch.

[Sales Agent 15:04]
Ship okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, one minute time. Okay, okay,

[Sales Agent 15:09]
no issues. So may I know like when you are planning to start or like
what's in your mind like because you done a internship, you complete
your graduation as well. So currently you already learn a internship
in CA, right? So like this

[Sales Agent 15:25]
site you want to go like you want to go for account side or you want
to go for the marketing side because The thing is digital marketing is
on trend. Now there you know you can see there are more than 3000 job
opening are there

[Sales Agent 15:37]
product, digital, mathical or And the best part of the digital
marketing is you can do work from home jobs, you can do freelancing.
Freelancing is also a good option because The thing is the Lancing is
the option. There is no capping of earning money. You can earn 10,000
in a month even you can earn 2,00,000 in a month. So it is totally
depend on you and your knowledge and like how much time you can commit
for your work differences. Also good part

[Sales Agent 16:05]
digital marketing is one of the most trendy domain nowadays. Like
after COVID is the most candidate domain. And like in digital
marketing, even if you are going for a job, so you also get a very
good options as well. And like after completing a certification from
my car. So like there are tonal and new opportunities comes for you
because it because it is a brand institution. Like there are so many
learners who already done a burn this coat and get a good position in
their carriers like

[Sales Agent 16:36]
Twitter. You know about Twitter, right?

[Sales Agent 16:40]
So the business head was Twitter. Kanika Mittal is also passed out
from Myka, You know Starbucks. So the Tata Starbucks Co is also passed
out from my kinda yeah. So like you have so many learners who are in
very good position after completing this course. So you also just I
will just do one thing. I will share you all the details of the
course. Just some LinkedIn profile. Just go through with the details
and then if you have any queries. So just get back to me

[Sales Agent 17:05]
the reason we can do also one thing get in the Google mail. Okay in
Google meet I am sharing my screen and I will show how your learning
portals look, how your job portals look, how the court is impact in
your career or how its good as compared to your account sections right
before negative both of the accounts work

[Sales Agent 17:26]
right?

[Customer 17:27]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 17:28]
Yeah. So we can also do that thing also. So

[Sales Agent 17:33]
tell me what you wanted, like may I know like whats in your mind
currently, like what you want to do from your side.

[Sales Agent 17:41]
I know I can like I can't explain you all the things in a one single
call. Yeah, but I think so. I can also give you some information, but
it is totally yourself what you want to do. So like, may I know what's
in your mind now?

[Sales Agent 17:56]
Like in which side you want to go?

[Customer 17:59]
I want to go into like digital marketing because it is trending and I
done my CA internal but I am not really interested in it. So I am
thinking about something like what to do to switch from this? What
next? So thats why I was looking into physical market.

[Sales Agent 18:16]
No, I think so. It is your parent decision that you want to go for a
CA right? Or like if you are on call.

[Customer 18:24]
Right. It is for my father's decision, so.

[Sales Agent 18:27]
Okay, so no issue Sir, just do one thing. I will share you all the
details. Just go through with the details and

[Sales Agent 18:35]
let me know if you need anything.

[Customer 18:37]
Tell me the details and I will let you know further.

[Sales Agent 18:39]
No issue, no issues. Okay, One more thing we started our net web from
29th of Feb, okay? And the enrollment for that batch is somewhere
around till 18th Feb. You have to take decision before that, okay? So
just take decision, okay. And in this in this situation, if you need
annual, so just get back to me. Okay,

[Sales Agent 19:00]
So the same number available in WhatsApp as well?

[Customer 19:04]
Okay, okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 19:05]
Okay, no issue. I will get back to you.
