[Sales Agent 00:00]
Yes, Gauri, Tell me, tell me something about you.

[Customer 00:04]
OK, thank you for allowing me to introduce myself. My name is
Gaurishramadi. I am from Udaipur, Rajasthan. I am doing Computer
Science engineering from Gitanjali Institute of Technical Studies. I
secured 9.2 cgpa in 10 standard, 73.4 cgp percentage and 12th standard
and currently an engineering. My aggregate score is 77 percentage.
Computer Science is omnipresent, that is it is present in every field
and hence I have invested these last 3.5 almost years

[Customer 00:36]
in developing my software skills. My technical skills include the
programming in Python, Java CC plus plus databases. I am also familiar
with web development, Kubernetes, Docker, ancible et cetera. So these
all are my technical skills and I have also used these skills to build
several projects which include user management project and attendance
management project. I have also participated in Smart India Hackathons

[Customer 01:07]
of which in one we also got to the finals. These

[Customer 01:12]
all were my technical skills coming to my extracurricular activities.
I love to dance, particularly semi classical dance. I also like to
read, write and paint. I have been the student editor of our colleges
newsletter Bits and Bytes and currently I am one of the cultural heads
of our students club.

[Customer 01:32]
So I have. I have also participated in several donation camps,

[Customer 01:38]
several donation camps as I am a member of the Rotary Club, Udaipur. I
consider myself as a very focused person and I always work towards my
goals and in a very efficient manner. I am a team player and very
optimistic in tough times. And lastly, I would like to say that why
not start the journey of my success by

[Customer 02:02]
the success of joining TCS. Thank you so much.

[Sales Agent 02:07]
OK.

[Sales Agent 02:09]
What are the 5 specific point about TCS which makes TCS different from
other IT Mncs?

[Customer 02:19]
Sure. Firstly Sir, TCS is has a brand name. It is known it is a
multinational company and it has a very good brand name and thus it
would give me a good start for my career. Secondly, it has a work life
balance. I have talked to many of my friends who are in TCS and they
say that TCS gives a very good work life balance. So that is the
second point. 3rd point is the colleagues. There

[Customer 02:49]
our job very futuristic in their skills so there is a lot to learn
from them. Fourthly as teachers is a multinational company, I would
like to I would have the chance to even go abroad and meet people of
different nationalities. And lastly there as TCS is has been in the
industry for almost 150 years, so it gives me a sense of job security
to some extent.

[Sales Agent 03:17]
OK, what are the ethical values TCS have?

[Customer 03:21]
Sir like I said there is a work life balance and it it it promotes
like gender equality. There is no like discrimination on the basis of
that and it so its very good in ethics overall.

[Sales Agent 03:39]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 03:42]
OK Gauri, nice talking to you and.

[Customer 03:45]
I will request.

[Sales Agent 03:46]
Colonel Rathore, Sir, to take next part of your interview, right?

[Customer 03:49]
Thank you so much, Sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, Sir.

[Sales Agent 03:55]
All prepared.

[Customer 03:56]
Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 03:58]
OK,

[Sales Agent 03:59]
Tell us which other campus interviews have you appeared for and what
has been the results?

[Customer 04:06]
So I have interviewed for Lanet which is in Udaipur only and I got
selected for it. I also interviewed for Gateway Industries. I was not
selected in the interview. I got to the interview part but was not
selected

[Customer 04:21]
so thats it. I have only given these interviews.

[Sales Agent 04:24]
OK

[Sales Agent 04:27]
have you analyzed why you didnt get selected for gateway?

[Customer 04:33]
Sir, in Gateway I might have not answered the technical questions very
well as compared to the other candidates.

[Sales Agent 04:43]
OK, so how have you prepared for contentious interview now?

[Customer 04:47]
Sir, I have enhanced my technical skills. I have been preparing for
for the core subjects and I have been doing coding almost everyday. So
I think that I prepared quite well for TCS.

[Sales Agent 05:02]
OK, got it.

[Sales Agent 05:05]
Tell me, what are your future plans?

[Customer 05:08]
So my future plans if I join TCS or otherwise?

[Sales Agent 05:14]
What are your future plans?

[Customer 05:15]
Sir, I want to join a software company and work for it and I want to
learn as much like as much languages and as much skills as I can and I
also want to achieve great success so that I am satisfied with what I
have learned.

[Sales Agent 05:37]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 05:38]
what do you think are the reasons for youngsters switching over jobs?

[Customer 05:45]
So maybe it is job satisfaction because they enter a company without
seeing

[Customer 05:52]
the background of the company and then they later find out that the
company was not suitable for them.

[Sales Agent 05:59]
OK, For you,

[Sales Agent 06:02]
as per you, what are the 3 important things that

[Sales Agent 06:06]
one should consider before joining any organization as a fresher?

[Customer 06:13]
So firstly, the one should look if there is a lot to learn from the
company, I mean there should be a very steep like growing curve in the
company. Secondly, there should be

[Customer 06:28]
like the colleagues and everything should be very frank so that they
help you in every way. And thirdly, for me there should be a brand
name so that there is a satisfaction that yes, I have achieved a level
and now I can go to the next level.

[Sales Agent 06:44]
OK, technically, what gives you job satisfaction?

[Customer 06:49]
Sir, technically the latest I I want to work with latest technical
skills like not obsolete technologies but the latest technologies.

[Sales Agent 07:01]
So how does TCS fit into your requirement?

[Customer 07:05]
Sir, TCS changes its technologies according to the needs of the People
of the Year. So there is a

[Customer 07:13]
not a. There is no fixed technology that they use. They use according
to their clients, which is very well.

[Sales Agent 07:20]
Which are the major clients of TCS?

[Sales Agent 07:23]
Can you name 3 or 4 of them?

[Customer 07:26]
I am sorry Sir, but I am not aware of the clients.

[Sales Agent 07:31]
OK,

[Sales Agent 07:33]
sure. Anything that you want to ask?

[Customer 07:40]
So will I be able to like fit in the company? I mean, what do you
think?

[Sales Agent 07:49]
Will you be able to fit into the company?

[Customer 07:51]
Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 07:53]
Yeah, as per your own analysis, you said you are a good team player
and what

[Sales Agent 07:58]
requirements you said for a good job. In case you have those
qualities, I am sure you will be able to get into.

[Customer 08:05]
OK Sir, thank you. Any more suggestions for me if?

[Sales Agent 08:09]
No, nothing more. Carmin, Sir will finally give his remarks.

[Customer 08:14]
Right. OK. Thank you so much Sir.

[Sales Agent 08:15]
All the best.

[Customer 08:17]
Right. Thank you, Sir.

[Sales Agent 08:19]
Gauri.

[Customer 08:20]
Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 08:21]
What is your basically the aim you want to go in the software
companies or anything more than that?

[Customer 08:27]
No. So I want to go in the software companies that is only.

[Sales Agent 08:31]
OK. You don't want to go for any higher studies or

[Sales Agent 08:35]
for entrepreneurship like.

[Customer 08:37]
No. So entrepreneurship no, but higher studies. Many of the companies
TCS also provides like simultaneously higher studies, so that may also
be a very good option.

[Sales Agent 08:51]
Okay, for example you have got, you have got the offer from TCS or at
the same time meanwhile you are getting the better offer than TCS from
another organization which is not tier one organization but Tier 2
organization but the package is just double of what we are offering.
Then what will you do?

[Customer 09:14]
So I would compare both the companies in terms of data currently I
have.

[Sales Agent 09:19]
Told that teachers is it year one and you have got the offer from Tier
2. It means the startup or mid size company but the package for
example we are giving you fall back, they are giving you 8,00,000. In
that case, what will you do?

[Customer 09:34]
So I choose TCS only because TCS is like

[Customer 09:39]
almost 150 years old company so

[Customer 09:43]
it it has a very good job security. And as I cannot really trust our
startup because

[Customer 09:52]
they are a new in the industry and thats why there is there might be
some trust issues

[Customer 10:00]
Sir. Job security is more important than salary if.

[Sales Agent 10:05]
You will not perform well in the pieces. Also you can get the job
insecurity in TCS also.

[Customer 10:10]
Sir, but I will perform good and I would like from my end. There will
be no complaints from TCS.

[Sales Agent 10:23]
Yeah, sorry.

[Customer 10:25]
Good afternoon, Sir. Good.

[Sales Agent 10:28]
Afternoon. Which

[Sales Agent 10:29]
domain you feel comfortable?

[Customer 10:32]
Circo Subjects Programming,

[Customer 10:35]
C Plus plus DAP analyzers. Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 10:39]
So give me a concept to implement snack and letter.

[Customer 10:44]
To implement snakes and daddars

[Customer 10:48]
using any programming language.

[Sales Agent 10:50]
I want to know only concept, not the implementation.

[Customer 10:53]
OK.

[Sales Agent 10:54]
I'm giving you the one minute.

[Customer 10:59]
So can I write something?

[Sales Agent 11:02]
But I need only logic right? Not the code part.

[Customer 11:05]
OK, Sir.

[Customer 12:40]
Yes, Sir. Thoda thoda. So we can.

[Sales Agent 12:43]
Verbally Batao Thoda. Then I can analyse that you are going in a right
direction or not.

[Customer 12:47]
OK Sir, so firstly we will bill like a list for example of

[Customer 12:57]
how how many columns are there. For example, I take a list of 50, the
maximum we go to 50 and then now we take dice

[Customer 13:06]
variable in which we will take a random function.

[Customer 13:11]
With the help of random function we can derive a number between one to
6

[Customer 13:16]
and for the first for the first move if the number random number is 6
then we can move like we can keep a counter of the player so we can
increase the counter with the number that comes in the dice and then
we can predefine the snakes. For example if at if you reach 5 then the
the counter should like increase by 10 blocks,

[Customer 13:45]
so the countable increased by 10 blocks. That is the ladder and this
way we can like predefine.

[Sales Agent 13:52]
This question is then how will how you will determine whether to you
have to increment its dice value means you you want to use its
increasing the counter value in form of ladder or you have to
decrement the counter value in form of snack. So how you will
determine it?

[Customer 14:09]
So with the help of functions for example of the dice value for if if
the dice value or the that block value in which the counter is right
now is 5 so I have assigned 5 already that 5 is a ladder so then it
will increase. And for example if 12 is a snake then I have already
defined that 12 at 12:00. You need to decrement the value by for
example 5 or whatever, so I will predefine.

[Sales Agent 14:38]
Where you will predefine these values.

[Customer 14:41]
So I can use a dictionary to

[Customer 14:44]
like if I am doing in Python then I can use it.

[Sales Agent 14:46]
If we are using C then then CC plus plus Java there if we doesn't have
any dictionary.

[Customer 14:54]
Then so we can

[Customer 14:58]
we can use an array of arrays and then like make a dictionary with the
help of arrays.

[Customer 15:07]
OK. Yes, Sir.

[Sales Agent 15:08]
Can we use switch or not there?

[Customer 15:12]
Switch yes, but. So we can use

[Customer 15:18]
but it is too long like we will have to write the code many times in
switch.

[Sales Agent 15:24]
Why many times we can define a switch in a global or any anywhere then
we can use it.

[Customer 15:31]
Because switch for a snake and switch for a ladder. 2 separate
switches we can use. Yes, Sir, that we can.

[Sales Agent 15:38]
OK, So what do you mean by the encapsulation? Is Divyana Sansar is
correct?

[Customer 15:44]
So partially it is correct. It is used for data hiding but more data
security. So in a class it is implemented using access modifiers like
public, protected, private and there is a default access specifier as
well. So using these we can define the scope of the variable or the
functions like if it is public then it can be used all through and if
it is protected then only the subclasses can use it

[Customer 16:16]
and if private then only the current class can do Sir.

[Sales Agent 16:22]
What do you mean by storage classes?

[Customer 16:26]
Storage classes so I'm not able to recall I.

[Sales Agent 16:35]
Worry all the best.

[Customer 16:36]
OK. Thank you so much.

[Sales Agent 16:38]
Sir, explore more and more TCS technical integral questions, right?
They are basically mainly from CNC Plus Plus.

[Customer 16:45]
Okay, Sir. I'll keep that in mind. Thank you so much, Sir. All the
best. Thank you, Sir.

[Sales Agent 16:51]
From my side and the rathods are interview my remark for you
definitely you are the good candidate that we have already observed
many time

[Sales Agent 17:01]
technical knowledge. I have not checked. No doubt you are head of
department. CSC will check it out, but

[Sales Agent 17:10]
you can easily crack the process.

[Customer 17:12]
OK. Thank you so much.

[Sales Agent 17:13]
Sir

[Sales Agent 17:15]
or when you are clear about your thought process, then at least it
should be justified when you are giving the interviews.

[Customer 17:22]
Yes, Sir. Sure.

[Sales Agent 17:24]
That is very important. If they will feel that you want to come but
you you cannot come then

[Sales Agent 17:31]
then there is a chances they can drop you. Either you are a good
candidate or the best. For example, Google want to hire somebody or
they find the candidate which is having the capabilities to get a
crore

[Sales Agent 17:45]
package in Enough right but they have the doubt that no doubt is the
best but they have the doubt that either he will join or not then
might be they can drop.

[Customer 17:56]
So.

[Sales Agent 17:56]
That kind of condition in the interview at least it should not be so
case.

[Customer 18:01]
OK. I will keep that in mind, Sir. Thank you,

[Customer 18:05]
Okay, Sir.

[Sales Agent 18:07]
Thank you.

[Customer 18:07]
Thank you, Sir.
