[Sales Agent 00:01]
Hello. Good evening. Thank you for calling. Vijirajan, how may I help
you? Hi.

[Customer 00:05]
Is this property ready I think, or is it still under construction?

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Yes Sir. It is seen under construction only. It is near Shankarpally,
Hyderabad, Sir. Exactly Mohammed Jagpur towards moment petrol.

[Customer 00:17]
I need some details about it Sir.

[Sales Agent 00:19]
How can I Yes Sir can I explain about our project for 2 minutes.

[Sales Agent 00:25]
This is 33 acres of project Sir. 28 acres will be like a residential
area like service plots and service villas and rest fire at 5:00 star
branded resort and coming to the plot it is starting from 180 to 400
square yards of plots and we are having 3 types of villas which we are
constructing like Bali theme contemporaries right One BHK 165 square
yard, 650 build Tak area ground floor construction Sir and 3 BHK 240
square yard 2460 SFT buildup area

[Sales Agent 00:58]
G plus one construction and 4 BHK 480 square yards 3000 SFT buildup
areas G plus one construction Sir.

[Sales Agent 01:07]
And if you are purchasing plot or villa in our project, we are giving
lifetime membership in that 5 star branded resort to and your family
so that whatever the amenities we are providing you have a lifetime
access Sir. And we are quoting 18,000 for one square yard.

[Customer 01:22]
18,000 Once 4 years

[Customer 01:25]
How much? How much is for the 3 BHK reset?

[Sales Agent 01:30]
One BHK will be like 90,00,000. It included Interiors, Furniture and
Record Membership. Private Pool for 3 BHK 2.3 CR for 4 BHK 3.4 CR Sir.

[Customer 01:41]
3 BHK 2.3 CR

[Customer 01:44]
If you have any model apartment ready, Villa ready.

[Sales Agent 01:47]
Yes Sir, the Removilla one BHK 90% construction done and parallely we
are constructing 3 BHK and 4 BHK as well.

[Customer 01:56]
When it when it will be.

[Sales Agent 01:58]
Ready. Yes,

[Sales Agent 01:59]
2025 first quarter, Sir, the position will be like.

[Customer 02:05]
How from How far from Hyderabad?

[Sales Agent 02:08]
From Mokila, it will be like 25 kilometres away Sir.

[Sales Agent 02:12]
From Gachibowli, Mokhila, From Hyderabad, Gachibowli 88845 to 50
kilometres.

[Customer 02:19]
Is the is the resort ready or not yet?

[Sales Agent 02:22]
The whole project will be positioned will be like 2025 first quarter
Sir.

[Customer 02:27]
So what are the payment plans now?

[Sales Agent 02:29]
The payments plan if you are willing to book I mean book a unit you
have to pay token amount like for plot it will be like 25,000 and for
will light it will be like 50,000 Sir.

[Sales Agent 02:44]
So you have to pay like a slap method. I mean like installment voice
Sir.

[Customer 02:49]
Can you send me details through email?

[Sales Agent 02:52]
Yeah, I will be sharing the details of the WhatsApp your good name
please Sir my.

[Customer 02:56]
Name is Abhijeet a Z double El.

[Sales Agent 03:00]
Okay

[Sales Agent 03:02]
at what budget you are looking Sir. Or else, are you okay without our
budget?

[Customer 03:07]
No, but I was interested in this 3 BHK, but I don't know how you're
building so I need to know.

[Sales Agent 03:13]
Okay may I know where do you reside in Hyderabad, Sir?

[Customer 03:16]
We are in Banjara Hills.

[Sales Agent 03:18]
Banjara Hills OK, so the more information can arrange a meeting with
our Sales manager Sir. Like once our sales manager will come to your
location and meet you in person so that they will give a presentation
and resolve all your queries.

[Customer 03:32]
Okay, sure, no problem.

[Sales Agent 03:34]
Okay, Sir. When I have to arrange, Sir,

[Sales Agent 03:36]
when you are available for?

[Customer 03:37]
Meeting you can ask him to come tomorrow morning.

[Sales Agent 03:42]
Okay,

[Sales Agent 03:43]
okay. Sure, sure, sure. Thank you,

[Sales Agent 03:46]
Sir Okay. Have a nice evening, Sir.
