[Customer 00:02]
Hello.

[Sales Agent 00:03]
Yeah. Hi. Hello.

[Customer 00:05]
Yeah, Alok.

[Sales Agent 00:07]
Yeah, Yash this side.

[Customer 00:09]
Yeah, yes.

[Sales Agent 00:11]
So actually you drop a message na okay like I can discuss now. So that
is why I connect you.

[Customer 00:15]
Yesterday

[Customer 00:17]
logon ke liye iske liye bahut achchha course hai. I know that right?
The people who are maybe relatively lovely, right? In terms of the
number of years

[Customer 00:29]
for them, it is perfectly alright, but the challenge aate hai Ki, the
kind of the wings has been taught

[Customer 00:37]
and the syllabus which is covered,

[Customer 00:40]
everyone may not be get into that zone.

[Customer 00:43]
Things. For example

[Customer 00:46]
this day post karne ke baad Mein hum calling to karne nahi JA rahe
correct correct. And neither I will be doing it nor it will be
expected out of me from the organization.

[Sales Agent 00:59]
Correct.

[Customer 00:59]
Correct. Now correct. If that is the scenario, how they take the stick
and how they capitalize this thing.

[Customer 01:09]
See all this knowledge Mil Jayega,

[Customer 01:12]
Baat SAB Bhool, Jayenge.

[Sales Agent 01:13]
Kolkata Mein.

[Customer 01:15]
Right. So how that has been transported and that is why this course I
am finding given other places as well like that, right. So people are

[Customer 01:25]
people are not able and unhone kiya bhi hai, unhone poora nahi kiya.

[Sales Agent 01:30]
Totally I totally agree. That is why I once actually after that I just
understand your concept for the same.

[Sales Agent 01:37]
There is one person in our last which I shared. I hope I I think you
did not check that profile. He is like he is a senior most person if I
am seeing which I know that as a experience vehicle also and like in
doing that terms and Mr Ishwar Nagwani approximately 303035 plus
years.

[Customer 01:59]
Ago experience.

[Sales Agent 02:01]
Yes, Sir.

[Customer 02:02]
Jo.

[Sales Agent 02:02]
Bhi, Aapne.

[Customer 02:03]
Bheja hai Ishwar nagwani ka

[Customer 02:06]
aisa wo vala profile Maine nahi dekha hai okay iske pehle vala Maine
dekha hai sankalp?

[Sales Agent 02:11]
Vala sankalp vala dekha tha aur unka Maine requirement daal Ki hi
Maine study share kar raha tha because I have to request please karna
padta hai

[Sales Agent 02:19]
and especially I have mentioned to traveller spent our event that
profile is mentioned around 17 might be it will be starting in UG jab
wo UG Mein se tabhi banane start kar diya hoga working so that the
count would be but but the second one Jo aapko Maine vehicle last Mr
last minute got issue nagavani.

[Customer 02:36]
Just catch the reverse

[Customer 02:38]
insay Mein baat kar Chuka Hun

[Customer 02:40]
okay

[Customer 02:42]
main interest baat kar Chuka Hun aur inka matlab Kal Ki ye known
scalar bhi join kiya.

[Sales Agent 02:48]
Okay.

[Customer 02:49]
Just the information. OK, right. AAP kya bhi join kiya tha.

[Sales Agent 02:53]
But.

[Customer 02:54]
If you see that what he was doing is continue doing that

[Customer 02:58]
okay, you can take out from his LinkedIn profile.

[Sales Agent 03:02]
I will just check it out and brief you about that, so I will not.

[Customer 03:07]
Really enthusiastic in terms of academic side. There is no doubt

[Customer 03:12]
you see that any code and every court is doing it.

[Sales Agent 03:20]
Is actually more Yeah academically He will more interested towards
academic anytime absolutely.

[Sales Agent 03:30]
So I just check it out and share the other things also. So that is why
I just like cancelled the TJ product. Once I get the proper like
exacted person who want to be like that there is a one profile is
unknown if you check that I I think I am not sharing it to you. I did
not share you just.

[Customer 03:50]
Need Matlab

[Customer 03:51]
update now. Abhi aapko batchit karke samajh jaaoge aapko trace karne
Mein kyon now a days mere job

[Customer 04:00]
I will totally.

[Sales Agent 04:01]
I totally agree that is I am I am not sharing because I just Simply
put that request okay over like accordingly I just get that feedback
just give me one second I will just P you share you 2 profiles that
check it out according to the experience wise also according the terms
of terms wise also. So I just.

[Customer 04:23]
Tell you

[Customer 04:24]
last caller Bheja Ishwar Ji Kaise

[Customer 04:27]
batchit Hua hai. Khasi lambi batchit hai. Usi ke aate hai

[Customer 04:30]
achchha.

[Sales Agent 04:30]
Achchha.

[Customer 04:31]
Ek mahine chaliye dedh mahine pahale Hua hai aisi batchit toh bahut
achchhe insaan nahi hai aur and he is very academic oriented person
right? So you know or I am inhone IIC Hooper se BKIIT Bombay,

[Customer 04:49]
right? So he is always on the some course.

[Sales Agent 04:52]
One or another.

[Customer 04:53]
Course always right. So thats what is admission. Diya tha vahan Ki
Tees de diya.

[Sales Agent 05:00]
Okay.

[Customer 05:01]
So matlab wo hi hai Ki woh matlab I what? And see may saying something
and not saying something but I can make out from the profiler as well
what has changed in the life.

[Customer 05:14]
Correct. Correct. Right. So there is a highly any change in the life.

[Sales Agent 05:21]
I will just connect. I will connect you accordingly. Allow

[Sales Agent 05:27]
todays might be tomorrow

[Sales Agent 05:31]
just till then I will share the profile with you also. So whenever you
will be free, just check it out accordingly and go through your own
segment and accordingly we connect further according to your prospect.

[Customer 05:43]
Lekin jab koi Banda matlab AAP kya vaise nahi hai Jo senior Jo company
aapka Jo role hai. Bahut different hai

[Customer 05:51]
hai na wo aapka Matlab is very different then maybe what I am may be
asking. You may reach out and you can maybe pull someone right, but I
am

[Customer 06:06]
not sure if I am able to explain you what what things will really work
for the senior force.

[Sales Agent 06:15]
No issue just allow some time I will connect with the better one so
that you can give the additional things also. And what are your
requirement Jo AAP kahate hai. I understand your point main aapko
poora aapko point clear ho Gaya aapki taraf se to aapko aaj ka time
dijiye I will connect you accordingly and hopefully tomorrow you will
get all your query and doubts which you want to be like you have to
charges Ek baar baat karna understand karna you get all the things.

[Customer 06:43]
Okay okay okay. Fine, fine, fine.

[Customer 06:45]
Yeah.
