[Sales Agent 00:04]
Hello yes am I connecting to Aman?

[Customer 00:08]
Yes.

[Sales Agent 00:09]
Aman, Hi, good evening. My name is Soumya and I am calling from the
admissions team of Upgrad. Actually, you have been referred by Mr
Harshit for some digital marketing courses.

[Customer 00:20]
Right, right.

[Sales Agent 00:22]
Yeah. So as you know, we have received this inside. That is the reason
this call has been arranged with you to have a discussion regarding
the courses.

[Customer 00:29]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 00:30]
Yeah, I believe it is the right time to have a discussion.

[Customer 00:35]
Correct. Yeah, okay.

[Sales Agent 00:37]
So Aman, first of all, I would like to have a quick understanding
about law profile. You know what you have been doing so far as a
profession, what is verification qualification and how you know you
will be benefiting for further from this particular program that I
will be letting you know later.

[Customer 00:55]
Okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 00:56]
So can you just brief me about your profile once?

[Customer 01:00]
Yeah, I have completed my graduation from Maharashtra Institute of
Management Studies, IT University, Delhi and I get DBS and then I got
Sambhali rooted in TCS as the Process associate and I started my 4th
graduation immediately after I got place. And

[Customer 01:23]
yeah, I started my post graduation in 2020

[Customer 01:29]
and I I completed it in

[Customer 01:34]
business management in banking and financial management
specialization. And then I have recently, not recently it has been a
year almost. I mean, I am working in HCL now as a PMONPMO role.

[Customer 01:53]
Yeah, this was all okay.

[Sales Agent 01:57]
Okay, so currently

[Sales Agent 01:59]
any specific reason you are looking for a digital marketing code?

[Customer 02:03]
Yeah, because I, I think that this is, you know, just just, we have
quite an opportunity.

[Sales Agent 02:12]
Okay, yeah, of course, of course and digital marketing is something
which is booming up the industry at a moment. I am very booming sector
and there are lot of opportunities in multiple, multiple, you know
multiple departments and multiple domains because digital marketing is
not a small thing. Its a very vast domain, right, right. So there are
a lot of opportunities that you will be getting you know either in
social media or branding or in generative a I marketing analytics
multiple times are there? Yeah.

[Customer 02:41]
Okay, the brochure what what exactly is generating? I will you explain
a later in the corner or do I ask to?

[Sales Agent 02:47]
Ask you about yeah I will be letting you know exactly what it is okay.
Generated yeah, you basically

[Sales Agent 02:54]
so as we all know the whole world is getting digitalised right?
Everything is running from manual to automation correct. And if I talk
about a IAI has captured the industry all over.

[Customer 03:05]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 03:06]
So what exactly are the social intelligence is basically

[Sales Agent 03:10]
something which works as a human and which is giving you the wrong
response, right? So how digital marketing is useful in a I? How?
Sorry, how a I is useful in digital marketing and with the help of a I
how you can do the digital marketing? That is what you are going to
learn. You must have heard about ChatGPT, chat bot, lash bot and all

[Sales Agent 03:32]
these are the things that will be understanding here in digital
marketing. Sorry, in a I generated a I in.

[Customer 03:37]
This country generated a.

[Sales Agent 03:38]
I sorry, yeah. Now I just need to understand about your current KRA in
your current organization, what is the responsibility key
responsibility area that you are working on these days and what
expectation you would be having from the program?

[Customer 03:55]
Actually right now I am looking as a PMO, as I already already told I
will, I will explain the

[Customer 04:03]
key responsibility. I am looking as a finance TM, basically as a
primary piano, not just finance. But yeah, it is one of the most
important part of my role because in the account I am handling as
nobody else has primary financial. So I raised the revenue for the
account on behalf of the account. There are multiple projects going
on,

[Customer 04:28]
definitely 50 under the under the same time. So I I see it and book
revenu I will bring in the revenue for for each of the search

[Customer 04:42]
without going on. I managed I manage the tower managers and tower
leads communicate with them on daily basis to fest approval so that we
can get get them through the audit process and get them this time.

[Customer 04:56]
So this is one of the yeah and I closely work with the video finance
box to repair the course and giving

[Customer 05:04]
portions of the monthly billing cycle. And yeah it is this is an
exercise which goes on quarterly and yearly also right now as you know
financial it is ending and budget is going on in process. So I have a
main role in that also because all the brand new information will be
with me and basically not just even I dont want to Yeah, I will I will
end the definition then because I can go on explain multiple more
things within it.

[Customer 05:33]
Okay, more other things you have like you know, getting getting people
hired and you have a main role in that also. We we

[Customer 05:44]
we have a management kind of role in that you communicate with our
requirements, their budgets and according to that you communicated for
the WBC team so that they can get people right. People hire, right?
And

[Customer 06:00]
yeah, so we are being a intermediary between the

[Customer 06:04]
account and the hiring teams and All plus

[Customer 06:10]
we take care. Yeah, this is, this is all about how we take care about
the resources. You should take care about their assignations, get them
shifted. And there is a cost portion also. There are you know involved
in that how much is overseas impact which project because of course
there is a cost thing also.

[Customer 06:30]
Once it is okay located, then the cost starts Booking

[Customer 06:36]
cost, source, revenue, these 3 things I have already told okay, what
do you care take you know? Yeah, we also take care of vendors

[Customer 06:43]
and all like if you are getting any different services in different
countries for the amount

[Customer 06:50]
to be take care of that also.

[Sales Agent 06:53]
Okay.

[Customer 06:54]
And we take care of the of the same versus RA

[Customer 07:00]
basically every, everything which goes on from to the hands of SB
Infinity. We take care of that. Mostly everything.

[Sales Agent 07:11]
Understood. Okay, so basically the point is that you want to switch
your Courier from your current digital marketing

[Sales Agent 07:20]
domain, right?

[Customer 07:21]
Yeah, yeah. Because my main reason, if you want to find out, if you
want to share it from me, the main reason I am I am think is that, you
know, I can get a much better and faster growth in this lecture. And I
I also wanted to learn a few, you know, skill sets with me. But this
role in which I am yeah, it requires a lot of hard work. It requires a
lot of, you know, motivation, but but still at the end of the day, we
are not having a.

[Sales Agent 07:49]
Technical.

[Customer 07:50]
Skill for which a company can honor me for a bigger package, right?

[Customer 07:55]
Yeah, I will get, I will get, I will get promoted. But that process
will be a little, not a little, but considerably slowly.

[Customer 08:05]
So obviously it will not be obviously. Yeah, they appreciate me for
the process of getting from more details flow.

[Sales Agent 08:11]
So understood, So in total, how many years of experience you have so
far?

[Customer 08:16]
Right now I am almost having 4 years experience for like 3.3 point
maybe 9 or 10 minutes.

[Sales Agent 08:26]
Alright, almost 4 years of experience you are having. Okay, okay,
alright. So see digital marketing is something which is

[Sales Agent 08:33]
never ending process. You know buying and selling of a product or
services is going to never end. Would you be the neighbour ending
process, right. So there is a possibility would be keep on coming and
there are multiple you know opportunities that will be having Sir in
the school. So as you told me that you will we have already downloaded
the brochure. So you must be having the prefiled R regarding the code
duration, the curriculum, the fee structure, everything.

[Customer 08:57]
Right.

[Sales Agent 08:58]
Yeah. So now the batch is connecting from 31st of January, Okay And
okay

[Sales Agent 09:05]
the classes that would be happening in Blood board, that means you
will be starting to record it like just the classes will be there. So
Monday to Saturday is going to be the recorded next month. The live
classes would be happening on Sunday, okay, that is a weekend. You can
choose the slot as per your convenience whichever time would be
feasible for you. For the live class, it is not only life but you have
100% live and interactive also at the same time wherein you will be
interacting with a directly direct faculty of my car because there
would be someone who would be taking the life class.

[Sales Agent 09:34]
Alright yeah, now correct. Now the duration of the program would be
the rending upon the you know curriculum of the course because the
whole curriculum of the program has been bifurcated into 2 parts.
First is the base program. Okay, once you in the base program
basically you will be understanding about the basics and fundamentals
of digital marketing,

[Sales Agent 09:57]
right? Like, you know,

[Sales Agent 10:00]
digital marketing as a landscape, you know that is journey from
traditional marketing to digital marketing.

[Customer 10:04]
Just one question I have in mind. So this verification is purely from
Nykaa? Or do you offer any other?

[Sales Agent 10:14]
No notification will be directly coming from my car. Myka would also
be offering you an executive alumni status which says that you are
going to be a part of my upper role of your career life. Okay 3rd
thing, you will also be getting a certificate from NLGCNLDC is a
government body. Its a national skill Development Corporation. I
believe you must have heard about it.

[Sales Agent 10:34]
Yeah. So NFDC has a partnership pick up track. Okay, so if you will
check on the official website of any of you see you also be you can
find the finding the branch name is listed over there itself. Okay, so
you will be getting one certificate of NSDC as well. It is a big, big,
you know Tam that you are going to have because NSDC is the government
quality, right. So even it would be giving me a possibility of trying
to get you correct. Yeah.

[Sales Agent 10:59]
And at the final stage of the program, you will be working on a Sapcon
project. Now what is the Sapstcon project basically? So Capcom project
is going to be the final real time life project that will be working
for at the final stage of the program.

[Sales Agent 11:14]
Okay, So this is going to be the live project, which is going to be
the crux of the whole curriculum. And then what all learning that you
will be having here in this course, you will be implementing all those
ideas and techniques and we will be working on a final project to get
the practical experience and the practical loan, okay, for that
platform project, for that capstone project, you will be getting a
separate certificate.

[Customer 11:38]
Okay, okay. For that custom particular process.

[Sales Agent 11:42]
Yeah, apart from the normal completion of certification, sorry,
certificate of completion, completing the 4 track you will be getting
from MICA. Apart from that just classroom project for the Capcom
project you will be getting a separate certificate. Okay, so that is
what is the amount of?

[Customer 11:58]
The certificate you are taking I am sorry.

[Sales Agent 12:01]
What is the meaning?

[Customer 12:02]
Of that certificate certificate you are saying.

[Sales Agent 12:05]
Name is Advance Certificate in Digital Marketing and Communication
from my card and the project is a relaxation project.

[Customer 12:14]
Yeah.

[Customer 12:15]
So on completion of that cash on project, what is the name that you
are mentioning? What is that you are getting you know separate
certificate with the site for that transfer process?

[Sales Agent 12:27]
Yes, come again please.

[Customer 12:29]
You just said that we will get a separate certificate for for on
completion caps loan credit. So yeah, that what is the name of that
certificate?

[Sales Agent 12:40]
That is also a completion of a cash loan project only which will be
coming from AKA. Okay, so that is on that will be mentioned that you
are you are having practical handphone experience.

[Customer 12:50]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 12:52]
Yeah, so that you can also showcase for Indian profile or in your
resume that you are having handful experience on digital marketing
tools and techniques. Okay, so that would be making your profile even
more stronger and you know attractive for the scooter to hire you.
Because see now a days if I talk about the companies and the current
industry, none of the company is looking for the degree that you have,
okay? Or that they are looking is what skill that you have and what
specialization that you carry.

[Sales Agent 13:18]
And that will end specialization that comes from the certification
code. That is the reason people you know basically safely if I talk
about the working professionals, they are focusing on doing the
certification programs that are from the premium institutions like
Myka.

[Sales Agent 13:32]
I I, I believe you must be having this idea about my car. What is MICA
and why? Actually you should choose MICA then you are going for a
digital marketing course.

[Customer 13:41]
Actually, I have this much idea that my car is one of the more one of
the most prestigious recognised institutions for marketing.

[Sales Agent 13:52]
Okay, so Myka is basically Mica as a brand its basically rank number
one institution not only in country but all across Asia Pacific
region. If I talk about.

[Sales Agent 14:03]
So my card is van number one institution when it comes to our post on
digital marketing. Okay lets suppose that any person has to go for a
management course, we strongly recommend them to go for you know IIN
right? If anyone has to go for the technical program, we recommend
them to go for ILT or Triple ID. Same way anyone has to go for course
on digital marketing. Then definitely, you know Myka would be some
institution, which is the best institution,

[Sales Agent 14:32]
Okay, that is a global brand basically with the certification that you
will be getting that would be not only valid in the country but all
across the world.

[Customer 14:40]
Right.

[Sales Agent 14:41]
Yeah. Now apart from this,

[Sales Agent 14:46]
what I was talking about, yeah, the certification that you will be
getting in the basic program because of the mentioned regarding the
curriculum, we were talking for 26 weeks, it is going to be the the
base itself and coal program wherein you will be understanding about
the basis for visible marketing, right. So there you will be
understanding about the marketing digital marketing as a landscape
fundamentals of you know jolly from traditional marketing to vehicle
marketing that is digital marketing metrics and channels, customer
centers and all.

[Sales Agent 15:15]
Then you will be understanding about SEOSEMI believe you must have
idea about the social media marketing certain optimization, all these
things you understand. Yeah. So how to design a website social media
marketing searchings and optimization. There would be a project with
word, phrase and social media marketing life project email in sorry,
Facebook app manager

[Sales Agent 15:37]
and each and every module you will be having multiple case studies.

[Sales Agent 15:42]
Okay, So with the different industries like food and beverage industry
for delivery, farmers, automobile manufacturing, travel industry,
finance and multiple correct. Okay, Then you will be understanding
about content marketing, certain marketing, programmatic and display
advertising. Then 5 key studies are also there in leading brands and
healthcare, clot and finance, ecommerce, banking and transportation.
There would be one email marketing life project

[Sales Agent 16:08]
then Google Apps or campaign would be there with Google App Manager.
So these all you are covering in the basic program wherein you are
learning the basics and fundamentals of digital marketing. That is
going to be for 26 leads. Once you complete this 26 weeks of digital
marketing the basics, then you will be shifting towards the
specialization part.

[Customer 16:27]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 16:27]
So there are total 5 specialization, first is generated by second is
branding and communication, 3rd is marketing analytics, 4th is social
media and content marketing and 5th is marketing communications with
public relations. Okay, I believe you must have seen on the brochure.

[Customer 16:44]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 16:45]
Now per specialization the duration of the program increases by 5
weeks. So lets suppose if you are planning for one specialised unit is
31 weeks for 236 weeks for 341 weeks for 446 decision. If you go for
all 5 it is going to be for 51 weeks in total. Okay.

[Customer 17:02]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 17:03]
Right. So what exactly you know as I mentioned that you want to check
your career to digital marketing. So the basic program that you need
to know actually to understand the basic of the digital marketing
after that what you are expecting and what you want to in this sub
domain, you want to start your career in digital marketing. May I know
just what exactly you are looking for?

[Customer 17:29]
Basically anything relating to

[Customer 17:34]
branding or analytics.

[Sales Agent 17:36]
Branding Banal.

[Customer 17:38]
Yeah.

[Sales Agent 17:41]
Then in that case I will be suggesting you you know here 3
specializations out of 5 see minimum one is mandatory to be taken
along with the course program. OK if you want you can go for all pulse
but as per the requirement I can suggest you the pre fertilization
starts to be that would be 2 that would be actually benefiting.

[Customer 17:59]
For you on personal

[Customer 18:01]
level, can you suggest anything that you know so I am putting someone
else is good and you know it has a multiple wide opportunity in the
industry right now.

[Sales Agent 18:11]
Yeah, that is what I am telling. This is what I am telling that I can
recommend you 3 specializations, okay? Currently as per the
specialization part, as per your requirement, okay, First is running
and communication, 3rd is okay, second would be marketing analytics
and the 3rd would be Kosur Media and content marketing. So these are
the 3 specialisations that you actually need to you know choose that
you can choose as per your if you want, you can go for all 5 as well.
Okay, no problem,

[Sales Agent 18:40]
but running on communication marketing and artics and social media and
content marketing, these 3 would be you know because the marketing and
it is something that is the pillar of actual marketing. Okay, lets
suppose to actually make unique your production services more you know
important and more highlighted in the industry. You need to do the
marketing highlights because there would be a lot of other companies
or other you know

[Sales Agent 19:06]
organizations which are also including the same services and same
product.

[Sales Agent 19:10]
Okay, So what is the proof of my?

[Customer 19:13]
What is the scope if I if I Yeah, you have suggested me simply free
right timing and the individual marketing and dictionary. I did not.

[Sales Agent 19:22]
Get your question.

[Customer 19:24]
Yeah, I am saying that so if I am not you know I I only pick these 3.
Besides, you know I am thinking to him So what is the hope and choose
from if I do the peace please.

[Sales Agent 19:41]
Scoop and then Achchha. Are you asking? Yeah.

[Customer 19:46]
What is the growth adder of my career?

[Sales Agent 19:49]
See, for you, you for you, it is going to be the you know wherein
music I mean considered as a fresher here, alright, because marketing
is completely new to you, correct? So, however the marketing is
something which is not a domain specific, right? So it is something
which actually I mean you cannot name within a single company which is
you know, running without marketing departmental marketing domain,
correct. So the whichever industry you are in, marketing would be
everywhere.

[Sales Agent 20:20]
Sorry, so depending upon your learning and your specification, there
would be multiple options like lets suppose if you are going for
branding and communications, so there would be opportunity like
branding manager, branding analyst. Okay, there have been multiple you
know opportunities and different different domain. If you go for
social media and contact marketing here, you will be having the
positions like social media, you know, unless social media manager
social media and sorry content writer because it is also covering the
content Maruti

[Sales Agent 20:51]
right so.

[Customer 20:53]
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, I need, I need. So yeah, after, after, you
know, after giving dedicated like 5 to 10 years to digital marketing,
is there a point in which, you know, I am, I am saying what is the
point? What is the preferred night after this? There is no growth in
my career

[Customer 21:13]
in terms of financially and you know, sales agreement both.

[Sales Agent 21:18]
Oh, if you see digital marketing as a long term career, long term goal
for you, like if you have to choose the real marketing as your, you
know, profile to make your career, you know completely then if you go
for all site specialization, that you would be something which is
going to be mandatory for you because to be at that level wherein you
can be a marketing manager, marketing director. Okay, you know,

[Sales Agent 21:48]
of you know, these order actors level and digital marketing domain,
right? There will be multiple marketing analysts, there will be
multiple policy activities that you will be getting right. So to be at
that level, if you are looking for a long run and your your look to if
you look to for establishing your complete career industrial
marketing, then definitely going for all 5 specialization would be
beneficial for you. Because to be to see that that level, you need to
have the understanding of each and every vertical and each and every
supplement. This is to marketing is covering.

[Customer 22:20]
Right. So, yeah, no, so, yeah, exactly. So what is the you know, if if
a person has done all 5 right from from there and he has invested in
10 to 15 years in digital marketing

[Customer 22:35]
to a normal dude like in a in a daily, as you know local

[Customer 22:41]
plan. What is the,

[Customer 22:43]
you know, his, his there is his career and like, what is he earning?
What is his you know

[Customer 22:51]
more you are fired of earning more, or what is the you know point in
which he is satisfied?

[Sales Agent 22:57]
I will talk about the earning one point of view to someone who is a
fresher, okay? Someone who is a fresher for the completion of the
program, he or she can easily take the packet of 8 to 10,00,000 per
annum post the completion of the course. Someone who is a fresher,
okay.

[Customer 23:13]
Because because a friend of mine did and yeah, he he got a package of
4 in standing. So I was.

[Sales Agent 23:22]
Yeah. So, yeah. So would you mind letting me know your current ticket?
How much level drive at the moment?

[Customer 23:30]
Yeah, at the moment I am having like 5 and including the variables
yeah I am having approximately 5.

[Sales Agent 23:39]
But yeah.

[Customer 23:40]
We can consider my billing.

[Sales Agent 23:42]
Yeah, so I am telling you that someone is a fresher. Okay, like
suppose someone is a fresher having zero experience and he is starting
his or her career. Industrial marketing domain. We can easily expect a
backup of 8 to 10,00,000 per hour,

[Sales Agent 23:55]
right? So someone who is experienced like you, you are already having
an experience right now. Even if you will be considered as a fresher
here and there is marketing domain, you will be exact easily having a
package of age or 10 kids not variable but fixed. Okay. On top of that
you know because see depends on the companies as well. See if you go
for a normal hike, you know normal kind of hike or growth in terms of
monitor hike and telling you so in promotion you will be getting a
height like you know 10%, 12% difference percent like that

[Sales Agent 24:29]
right now. After the completion of after this having my car
certificate with you, you can easily expect the package at height of
35 to 40% or 50%. Even the learners, I wont believe even the learners
are there who have got 300% of salary health.

[Customer 24:44]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 24:45]
Yeah, should be 10th actually you know 300%. I have seen apps in 180%,
I have been 150%, I have been 100% and I have been 40% as well, right.
So depends upon the company and the profile of the learner that you
know which company you are from and this profile basically you are
going to have the interview of correct. Apart from that is when the
certification Maya because see Michael is a brand right? And in your
career, there would be a time wherein you need nothing but the brand
tag in your profile or in your resume that actually make makes it
more, you know, attractive and more,

[Sales Agent 25:17]
you know,

[Sales Agent 25:18]
stronger for the recruiters why they would be hiring you.

[Sales Agent 25:22]
People are there, you know who are doing MBA in marketing, right?
People are there who have done MBA and marketing and people like you
are also there who are done who are doing marketing certification from
Micah,

[Sales Agent 25:33]
right? So you will be saying it is, you know, looking from the HR
point of view, definitely they will be hiring with the brand. No, they
will be hiring those people who are having some brand tasks instead of
hiring people who are have done MBA from any random institution or
random college.

[Sales Agent 25:49]
Yeah. So branch have laid vital here.

[Customer 25:54]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 25:54]
Got it. Yeah, Yeah.

[Customer 25:56]
And if we if I show the small size utilization, what is the total time
of my 50?

[Sales Agent 26:03]
One days.

[Customer 26:06]
Total end this 2016.

[Sales Agent 26:09]
26th is the base program wherein you will be covering the basics and
fundamentals of digital marketing. After that you will be moving
towards the specialization. So per specialization the the duration
increases by 5G. OK, so lets suppose if you go for one, so it is 31
weeks for 236 weeks for 341 weeks for 4, fortysix weeks and if you go
for all 551 weeks in total.

[Sales Agent 26:33]
And the best part is that here we offer 100% placement support because
we have our tie up with more than 300 plus hiring partners and all are
the top policy removed is in the organization.

[Customer 26:44]
Okay, in in if I choose any specialization tell you guarantee 100%.

[Sales Agent 26:49]
I am sorry.

[Customer 26:51]
Yeah, Sir, that does not in that, see if you said 100% placement, it
does not respect which specialization I am chosen, right?

[Sales Agent 27:00]
No, no, no. It does not depend on number of specialization. Even if
you go for one specialization, you will be having 100 percentage
support. Even if you go for the all 5, you will be having 100
percentage support. That is equal for every month. Okay, the trial
business or basically for you to choose the either you want to be a
proper complete marketing distance marketing professional or if you
are willing to specify it within some specific specialization like say
in branding or analytics or social media and all

[Sales Agent 27:28]
however just all the benefits would be the same.

[Customer 27:33]
Okay, okay. 51 leads and for 3 specialization it will be 5.541, right?

[Customer 27:42]
41, 3 for 3 fertilization. Okay. And what will be the costing?

[Sales Agent 27:48]
So you are looking for 3 or 5?

[Customer 27:51]
Okay, you can tell me more for both.

[Sales Agent 27:53]
Alright, so basically if you go for minimum one specialization, the
fee is 1,13,113 000. This fee that I am talking about, this is
inclusive of everything, your Courier placement, all the certificate,
all the project assignments, case service, course curriculum, each and
everything. Okay, so minimum one specialised, I am sorry.

[Customer 28:16]
Yeah. Can you repeat the number one?

[Sales Agent 28:17]
Lakh yeah 1,13,113 000.

[Customer 28:23]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 28:24]
If you go for 2 specialization then the fee you will be increasing by
₹17,000, 17000. So for 2 it is going to be 1,30,000,

[Sales Agent 28:35]
okay for 3

[Sales Agent 28:37]
days going to be 1,47,000.

[Customer 28:41]
Okay, one.

[Sales Agent 28:42]
47 yeah for 4 you will be. It is going to be 1,64,000.

[Customer 28:50]
Okay, and.

[Sales Agent 28:51]
Okay, And if you go for all 5, it is going to be 1,81,000.

[Customer 28:59]
Wait for more, I am happy you said one 60,000.

[Sales Agent 29:03]
64.

[Customer 29:05]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 29:07]
Yeah, 54,000. So on every additional fertilization, actually the fee
would be increasing by ₹17,000.

[Customer 29:15]
Okay and if I do 3 and then I realise that you know let lets complete
these 2 or 2 later after completion of my course. So what should I do?

[Sales Agent 29:24]
So in that case, what happens is so as if you will be, you know,
connecting all 5 specialization clips right now. So for specialization
it is going to be ₹17,000. Okay, now in middle of your program, in
middle of your program or towards the end of the course, you want to
add more to more specialization

[Sales Agent 29:43]
then the he would be directly paid to Myka, but not to upgrad. First
thing, okay. Second thing, Micah would be charging.

[Customer 29:52]
So sorry. So sorry if I if I involve 5 you are sending.

[Sales Agent 29:57]
No, I am saying that suppose let me tell you, let suppose if right now
if you are going for 3 specialization, okay, once you complete half of
the program or it is 80% of the program, then you are realising that
you actually should go for another 2 specializations also, okay?

[Sales Agent 30:15]
So here first specialization, a brand is charging ₹17,000 additional.
Okay.

[Sales Agent 30:21]
That means the fee, it will be paid from your side to a grand and a
guard will be paying to my staff,

[Sales Agent 30:26]
correct? Correct. At that time when you will be deciding in future
after the composition of 50 or 60% of the program at that time a brand
has nothing to do with this, then you will be paying the fee directly
to my car. Okay,

[Sales Agent 30:40]
in that case, Myka would be charging 25,000 + 18% of GST. That is
29,500 per festivalization.

[Customer 30:51]
Okay. And yeah, so I am so sorry, just to confirm, 5 specialization
177, right?

[Sales Agent 30:59]
181.

[Customer 31:01]
Oh, okay, 181.

[Sales Agent 31:04]
I think this is not clear to you. Let me tell you, wait one second.

[Customer 31:11]
Yeah. So 44 centralization and 164 right?

[Customer 31:17]
So 5 will have.

[Sales Agent 31:22]
Okay, last 360.

[Customer 31:23]
4 + 71 yeah yeah sorry I was adding only.

[Sales Agent 31:27]
Yeah, so it is 1,81,000 now. Initially you only need to pay the
registration amount of ₹15,000. You can pay 15,000 and block your
cheque,

[Sales Agent 31:37]
okay. And the balance payment, the balance payment can be paid either
in one shot, okay. Or you can pay up to 9 months of interest free EMI
that is 9 months of no cost EMI, okay. Or the maximum EMI tenure which
is available up to 3 years,

[Sales Agent 31:56]
that is 36 months,

[Sales Agent 31:58]
Okay.

[Customer 31:59]
Once you can trust me.

[Sales Agent 32:01]
Yes, 9 up to 9 months is no cost EMI.

[Customer 32:05]
291.

[Sales Agent 32:08]
6

[Sales Agent 32:09]
no cost interest fee. If you are going for more than 9 months of EMI
then maximum is going to be 3 years. You can choose as convenience
such ever EMI you would like to go ahead with. Either you can go for 3
years, 2 years, one year, whatever it is okay.

[Customer 32:22]
Maximum right?

[Sales Agent 32:24]
Correct. Yeah, for even if you go for one one specification or you
want to go for all 5, in both the cases it is going to be 3 year of
maximum EMI options which are available.

[Sales Agent 32:34]
Okay, so minimum one is mandated to be taken with the code program. If
you want you can go for all 5 or you can choose as many as you want
like 234 or whatever it is.

[Customer 32:45]
Got it.

[Sales Agent 32:46]
Yeah. So I will leave. You must be comfortable with the fee structure
of the program, right?

[Customer 32:52]
Yeah. And what is your discount and all like I have confidential so is
there any?

[Sales Agent 32:58]
I am sorry. Come again, please.

[Customer 32:59]
Yeah, I have read the. So what is the discount and structure?

[Sales Agent 33:05]
Okay, so basically The thing is that as you have been referred by the,
you know it

[Sales Agent 33:11]
right? So, yeah, so there would be some discount on the feed
structure. Okay. That is going to be up to ₹7500.

[Customer 33:23]
7500 that is the discount.

[Sales Agent 33:26]
Yeah,

[Sales Agent 33:28]
okay ₹7500. That is the maximum discount that will be given here on
this particular program. Usually we dont offer even a single rupee
discount on this. But as you have been referred by, you know as you
have been referred. So that is the reason you can avail a discount of
₹710051.4 structure.

[Customer 33:48]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 33:50]
Yeah.

[Customer 33:53]
Okay, fine

[Customer 33:55]
thing. Anything, anything else you wanted to tell me so that I can cut
my money off?

[Sales Agent 34:01]
Yeah, so I think I have already told you regarding over the program
details and everything how it is going to be the benefits in each and
everything. Yes, 2 more things. Post the completion of the program for
another 6 months, you will be having the Courier placement report.
Okay. And once you complete 70 to 80% of the program, you become
eligible for the Courier assistance.

[Sales Agent 34:22]
Okay, this is the first time. Second thing is

[Sales Agent 34:26]
for the course content that I will talk about. So for additional 3
years both the complete system of the course, for additional 3 years
you will be having the post content access with you.

[Customer 34:37]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 34:39]
Alright, that means even after you know the completion of the program,
if you think that there is something that you want to go through or
something, you can definitely go for that. So there is a, you know, 3
years access apart from that course completion for no Sir, 3 years
will be half of the post content taxes on the platform on which you
will be working or which will be studying. Sorry.

[Customer 35:00]
Thank you.

[Sales Agent 35:02]
Yeah.

[Customer 35:05]
Okay, bye.

[Sales Agent 35:07]
Yeah. Now as the bag is commencing from 31st of January, so we are
hardly available with last one or 2 seats. So unfortunately we have
got this enquiry from your side at the very last phase of the program
wherein we are on the verge of wrapping up the admission because we do
not have seats. And also as the program happens on Pan India level so
there are lot of other formalities that we need to complete later on.
Boarding will be done, the dashboard will be designed, your ventures
will be made. So all these process on Tamil level takes time,

[Sales Agent 35:34]
right? We are just waiting for the seats to the sell. The moment it
gets filled, we will be wrapping up there. Especially even if it is
getting filled by the day, then today only will be wrapping up the
admission and from tomorrow will be initiating the onboarding process
for the government.

[Sales Agent 35:46]
Okay.

[Customer 35:46]
And and if his by and till what time it will open again? If by time
then it is after discussing it with my family

[Customer 35:56]
I have decide to be. If I decide to be and and unfortunately the seat
has been taken and I&I will inform you tomorrow and till tomorrow it
is taken. So what is the time with which the next class will be open?

[Sales Agent 36:12]
Minimum after 6 to 8 months.

[Customer 36:15]
6289.

[Sales Agent 36:16]
Yeah, minimum, minimum duration it can be an year also, but minimum 6
to 8 months time it is going to take.

[Sales Agent 36:22]
Yeah. And there is one circular also that we have already received,
you know from Micah. Then from the back, you know they are, they are
going to revise the price by additional ₹30,000. So per specialization
the fee would be revised by additional 30,000. So as of now it is
1,13,000. It will be in the next batch is going to be 1,00,000.
Fortythree, 1000 for 130.

[Customer 36:46]
Yeah, okay, fine, fine. Yeah. So yeah.

[Customer 36:51]
So by who should I contact to you know freeze my paid or how should I
go along?

[Sales Agent 36:58]
Yeah, so I will be helping you out in getting this done right now if
you are okay because one basic application needs to be filled. Okay,
the application is filled, you know, then you will be getting an
option of reserve a seat. OK. From there, you will be getting the
payment option wherein you can pay an issue ₹15,000 Unblock your seat.

[Customer 37:18]
Okay, so yeah, so can.

[Sales Agent 37:21]
You check the process.

[Customer 37:22]
Yeah, you have alright.

[Sales Agent 37:25]
One second.

[Sales Agent 37:32]
Okay, so the number.

[Customer 37:33]
Do you know who is Amir? Did you get any call from Amir?

[Sales Agent 37:38]
From.

[Customer 37:40]
Amir.

[Sales Agent 37:41]
Amir. Yeah, yeah. Amir is also in Apradh only

[Sales Agent 37:45]
yeah.

[Customer 37:47]
So just just just wait. I will, I will just, you know, discuss it with
my family. One can call you see what time you are available.

[Sales Agent 37:55]
Just wait till 8 we are available.

[Customer 37:58]
Till 8 now. Okay, okay.

[Sales Agent 38:00]
Yeah.

[Customer 38:02]
Yeah, just allow me 29,

[Customer 38:05]
okay? I will contact you on the same number.

[Sales Agent 38:08]
No problem. Okay, so this is an occasional extension number, but I
think we which we have we are connected, right. So basically it is
going to be you just need to you know like on this number. If you
would be trying connecting, might be the possibility that you are not
getting connected because of an official extension number.

[Customer 38:25]
Okay.

[Sales Agent 38:26]
Yeah. So by it is now 723. You tell me by what? I haven't called you.

[Customer 38:32]
Around 745 maybe?

[Sales Agent 38:37]
145 Yeah, alright, I will call.

[Customer 38:40]
You. What is your name? Soumya.

[Sales Agent 38:42]
My name is Soumya.

[Customer 38:44]
FO or SAU?

[Sales Agent 38:46]
SOUNYA.

[Customer 38:49]
OUNYA, okay, could I know the full name or?

[Sales Agent 38:53]
Yeah, you can. You can even even you will speak to Amir now. You can
take my name. You know me.

[Customer 38:58]
Okay, okay, yeah.

[Sales Agent 39:01]
Okay, alright, then I will call you by 745, Okay.

[Customer 39:04]
Sir.

[Sales Agent 39:05]
Yeah, Alright. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, bye.
